
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  73387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   130291                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40899423                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              287488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436506883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    233377732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              991800161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436506883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         437169261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436506883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    233377732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1299143399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.292933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046412000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.292933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246354824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246354824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247309824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247309824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247309824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247309824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174967.914773                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174967.914773                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172943.932867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172943.932867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172943.932867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172943.932867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1767400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11329.487179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229389992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229389992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230065592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230065592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230065592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230065592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162919.028409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162919.028409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160885.029371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160885.029371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160885.029371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160885.029371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           631                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1642.507999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.838352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           95.255775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.210070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.075309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.664461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.633939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.162547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1132.292229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    382.213668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.011628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.138219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.046657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.200501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2359                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1693                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             530                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  530                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2359                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1693                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3259717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       446813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209904698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76742386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      290353614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35547841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35547841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3259717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       446813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209904698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112290227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       325901455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3259717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       446813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209904698                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112290227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      325901455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          530                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              530                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              409                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.563997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.694698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.402357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.125000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.860636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.563997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.426159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.563997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.426159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93134.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74468.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95846.894064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100976.823684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96655.663782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101856.277937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100988.184659                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93134.771429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95846.894064                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101253.586114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97110.087902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93134.771429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95846.894064                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101253.586114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97110.087902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  48                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       48                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3069308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    197773828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72596940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273853362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33615640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33615640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3069308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    197773828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106212580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307469002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3069308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    197773828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106212580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307469002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325964                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325964                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.563997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.694698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.563997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.424127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.563997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.739333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87694.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90307.684018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95522.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91559.131394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96319.885387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96319.885387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87694.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90307.684018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95773.291253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92056.587425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87694.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90307.684018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95773.291253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92056.587425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1753.290104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.592840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.421581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1259.968543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.557563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              48                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   48                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    270                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2890230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187677461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69308112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      260245889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32317589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32317589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2890230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187677461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101625701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       292563478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2890230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187677461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101625701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      292563478                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           48                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               48                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              351                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.902740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.911119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991379                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.991453                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.902740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.954874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.919523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.902740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.954874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.919523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        96341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94930.430450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97206.328191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95084.358422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93674.171014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92866.635057                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        96341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94930.430450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96054.537807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94834.190600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        96341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94930.430450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96054.537807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94834.190600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2473216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159874564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59391867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222053247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27402693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27402693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2473216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159874564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86794560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249455940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2473216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159874564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86794560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249455940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.902740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.902740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.954874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.914754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.902740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.954874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82440.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80867.255438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83298.551192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81517.344714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79428.095652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79428.095652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82440.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80867.255438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82036.446125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81282.482893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82440.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80867.255438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82036.446125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81282.482893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3374                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.286488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.189982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049626300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.989212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295771826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295771826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295771826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    295771826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295771826                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    295771826                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64947.700044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64904.943164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64947.700044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64904.943164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64947.700044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64904.943164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231114402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231114402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231114402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231114402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231114402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231114402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59519.547257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59519.547257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59519.547257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59519.547257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59519.547257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59519.547257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           75                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.086900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           75                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.786667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.747343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1470784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1470784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1470784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1470784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1470784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1470784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.262458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.262458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.279221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.262458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18617.518987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17102.139535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18617.518987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17102.139535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18617.518987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17102.139535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1222398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1222398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1222398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.262458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.262458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.262458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15473.392405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15473.392405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15473.392405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15473.392405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15473.392405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15473.392405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2385                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.110967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.091405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.020331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2401                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30860187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30860187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30860187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30860187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30860187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30860187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.893229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.893229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.893229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12885.255532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12853.055810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12885.255532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12853.055810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12885.255532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12853.055810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23487608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23487608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23487608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23487608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23487608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23487608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9806.934447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9806.934447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9806.934447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9806.934447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9806.934447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9806.934447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   989                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.237846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.694641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083129537300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.237917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27599                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16326                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16330                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43929                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          426                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2342                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148703445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148703445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39521929                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39521929                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188225374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188225374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188225374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188225374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025430                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025598                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77733.112912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77733.112912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92774.481221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92125.708625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80472.584010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80369.502135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80472.584010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80369.502135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          831                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83220200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83220200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36927133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36927133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120147333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120147333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120147333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120147333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3989399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3989399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11781434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11781434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76069.652651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76069.652651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89195.973430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89195.973430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79673.297745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79673.297745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79673.297745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79673.297745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38246                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29058                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15077                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38246                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          438                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       411611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.830320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.296823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          358509     87.10%     87.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2539      0.62%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1947      0.47%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2863      0.70%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3935      0.96%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3775      0.92%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5091      1.24%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2030      0.49%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30922      7.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       411611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239836                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168627                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328545                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108825                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342094                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       773013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       772923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212569                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290269                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260085                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94291                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          799                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       411611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.631871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.408320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       315499     76.65%     76.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31734      7.71%     84.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20084      4.88%     89.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16333      3.97%     93.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11395      2.77%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8672      2.11%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5465      1.33%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1978      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          451      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       411611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            520     40.15%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           402     31.04%     71.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          373     28.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2924      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199641     76.76%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35710     13.73%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21800      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260085                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336897                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1295                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004979                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       935405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       386273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4266                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14731                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8314                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          96420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          706                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6163                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252511                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33847                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54651                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25612                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20804                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327086                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160487                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251479                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320825                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638173                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       394093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.400671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       328485     83.35%     83.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24417      6.20%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12458      3.16%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10132      2.57%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6025      1.53%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3033      0.77%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1691      0.43%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2452      0.62%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5400      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       394093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104372                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42238                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25417                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20627                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187665                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              680408                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             601405                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2419                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 360390                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98431                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.396629                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.396629                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486170                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269252                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110623                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40880                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81032                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20162602914                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4539388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2976.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121661623                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241155223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       575616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2658624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5229440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       575616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         575616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2452480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2452480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            40871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 40871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            40871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38020                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.899290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         39                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.130677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.768613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.923038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18741                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    491296664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1965502101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2456798765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4849427544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4950600544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5340724208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2066675101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7407399309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5340724208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2066675101                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7407399309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155375.289058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115015.629996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121317.404820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175398.855035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61242.736077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168962.475904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173343.856151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110275.604343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149490.410062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173343.856151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110275.604343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149490.410062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64182520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9764.570211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    452991784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1759204400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2212196184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4516185884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80721700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4596907584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4969177668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1839926100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6809103768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4969177668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1839926100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6809103768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143261.158760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102943.671368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109238.861488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163345.843605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48863.014528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156891.043823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161284.572152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98176.516728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137416.071684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161284.572152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98176.516728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137416.071684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        172143                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4384.887415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2201648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        176411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         12.480219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          995.064709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    73.158116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.292504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1716.845419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1584.526608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.121468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.209576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.193424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.535265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19664                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1086628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       206178                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1984148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          249406                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               249406                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9608                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9608                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        76717                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                76717                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1086628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       282895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2060865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671678                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19664                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1086628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       282895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2060865                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        66617                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74141                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               144044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8059                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8059                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              33252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        66617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       107393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                177296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        66617                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       107393                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               177296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     75291892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22978979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2163296708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3919655807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     6181223386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101268750                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    101268750                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2587180847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2587180847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     75291892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22978979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2163296708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6506836654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      8768404233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     75291892                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22978979                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2163296708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6506836654                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     8768404233                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1153245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       280319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2128192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       249407                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           249407                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17667                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17667                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           109969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1153245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2238161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1153245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2238161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.264488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.067684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000004                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000004                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456161                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.456161                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.302376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.275163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.079215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.275163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.079215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29307.859868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32048.785216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32473.643484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52867.587529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42912.050387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12565.920089                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12565.920089                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77805.270269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77805.270269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29307.859868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32048.785216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32473.643484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60589.020271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49456.300385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29307.859868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32048.785216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32473.643484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60589.020271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49456.300385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               51779                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    51779                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        66615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          144039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8059                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8059                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         33252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        66615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           177291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        66615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          177291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61493204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19105913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1784695916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3508637229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5373932262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    707770749                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    707770749                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2399679460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2399679460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61493204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19105913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1784695916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5908316689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7773611722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61493204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19105913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1784695916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5908316689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7773611722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    860841423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860841423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2633988934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2633988934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3494830357                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3494830357                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.264481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456161                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456161                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.275158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.079213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.275158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23945.951713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26647.019526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26791.201921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47325.122122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37308.869556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87823.644249                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87823.644249                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72166.469987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72166.469987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23945.951713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26647.019526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26791.201921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55016.870026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43846.623472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23945.951713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26647.019526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26791.201921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55016.870026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43846.623472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24293                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32367.616741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          142455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.508408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9769.730160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.573634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        5.263343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   216.222797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    69.166598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7525.617257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14777.042858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.298149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.229664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.450960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        57620                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45072                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 105620                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           51780                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                51780                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 9777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        57620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  115397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        57620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54849                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 115397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29067                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17006                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17006                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 52852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                52852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24368567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8960806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    841945032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2625457491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3500731896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36409653                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     36409653                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1340937703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1340937703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24368567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8960806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    841945032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3966395194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4841669599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24368567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8960806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    841945032                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3966395194                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4841669599                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        66615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        74139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             144039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        51780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            51780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            24210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        66615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        98349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              168249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        66615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        98349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             168249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.101636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.133891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.266726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994445                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.994445                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.596159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.596159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.101636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.133891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.314130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.101636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.133891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.314130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93366.157088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93341.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.448805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90324.336567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91119.807803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2140.988651                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2140.988651                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92907.760202                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92907.760202                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93366.157088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93341.729167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.448805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91181.498713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91608.067793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93366.157088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93341.729167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.448805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91181.498713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91608.067793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                9974                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     9974                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17006                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17006                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14433                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14433                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            52852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           52852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20714542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7615455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    715177344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2213821540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2957328881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1283836626                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283836626                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1133017773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1133017773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20714542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7615455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    715177344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3346839313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4090346654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20714542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7615455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    715177344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3346839313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4090346654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    769025866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    769025866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2310018516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2310018516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3079044382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3079044382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.101636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.133891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994445                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994445                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.596159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.101636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.133891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.314130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.101636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.133891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79366.061303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79327.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79508.320623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76162.711666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76975.686015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75493.156886                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75493.156886                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78501.889628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78501.889628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79366.061303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79327.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79508.320623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76938.834782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77392.466775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79366.061303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79327.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79508.320623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76938.834782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77392.466775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1687                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1153246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13766337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1153758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.931737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13758055                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13758055                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13758055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13758055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13758055                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13758055                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1211845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1211845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1211845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1211845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1211845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1211845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15755778687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15755778687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15755778687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15755778687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15755778687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15755778687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14969900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14969900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14969900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     14969900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14969900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     14969900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13001.480129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13001.480129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13001.480129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13001.480129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13001.480129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13001.480129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       276981                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39568.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1153251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1153251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1153251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1153251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1153251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1153251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10917670124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10917670124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10917670124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10917670124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10917670124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10917670124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9466.863782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9466.863782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9466.863782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9466.863782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9466.863782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9466.863782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        20415                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         11482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        20431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.561989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083916690300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        11191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        11191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        11191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20619                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        20619                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        20619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20619                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        20619                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    366034220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    366034220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    366034220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    366034220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    366034220                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    366034220                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        31810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        31810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.648192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.648192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.648192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.648192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.648192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.648192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17752.277996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17752.277996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17752.277996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17752.277996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17752.277996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17752.277996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           64                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    302613272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302613272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    302613272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    302613272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    302613272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    302613272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.648192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.648192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.648192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14676.428149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14676.428149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14676.428149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14676.428149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14676.428149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14676.428149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       674471                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       674487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.060170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        40265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        40265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        40265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       674709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       674709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       674709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7813887663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7813887663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7813887663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7813887663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7813887663                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7813887663                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       714974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       714974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       714974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.943683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11581.122622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11581.122622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11581.122622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11581.122622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11581.122622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11581.122622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       674709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       674709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       674709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5751944390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5751944390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5751944390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5751944390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5751944390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5751944390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8525.074351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8525.074351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8525.074351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8525.074351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8525.074351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8525.074351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                389351                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28163997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                389863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 72.240754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16854259                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16854259                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11264479                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11264479                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28118738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28118738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28118738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28118738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       619510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       619510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       128281                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       128281                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       747791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        747791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       747791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       747791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25744800953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25744800953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4667933616                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4667933616                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30412734569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30412734569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30412734569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30412734569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17473769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17473769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11392760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11392760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28866529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28866529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28866529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28866529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011260                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011260                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41556.715716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41556.715716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36388.347581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36388.347581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40670.099759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40670.099759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40670.099759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40670.099759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       249292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           249292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       338808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       338808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       340172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       340172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       340172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       340172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       280702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       280702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       126917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       126917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       407619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       407619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       407619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       407619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6953285291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6953285291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4141685677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141685677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11094970968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11094970968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11094970968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11094970968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    897751427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    897751427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2750076422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2750076422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3647827849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3647827849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24771.057175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24771.057175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32633.025339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32633.025339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27218.974012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27218.974012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27218.974012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27218.974012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               163148965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19260251                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19260251                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2138823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15170844                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10966729                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68262641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87212138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19260251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10966729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30577683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        6912346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            240094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      47795533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       222050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        39206                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          127                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         14969906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1184663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           6476                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    151804522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.162396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.599579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       121800880     80.24%     80.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3234153      2.13%     82.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1426262      0.94%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2111767      1.39%     84.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2110869      1.39%     86.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2216731      1.46%     87.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2419867      1.59%     89.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1883238      1.24%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14600755      9.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    151804522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.118053                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.534555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67299493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     50542236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28767734                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       527871                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4667188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173090415                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4667188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69334083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       17781766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     28804519                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27257874                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3959092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     168125921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        16009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1014772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1729273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22301                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    186531237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    416693281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    406370306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10322975                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147783846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38747509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1038520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1068284                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12556283                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21342644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13348723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1210962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       575253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157306403                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1205300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        149733989                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215751                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24342878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34266911                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       302223                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    151804522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.986361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.638704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     95635351     63.00%     63.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18404647     12.12%     75.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12615824      8.31%     83.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9444329      6.22%     89.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6676878      4.40%     94.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4722847      3.11%     97.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2993837      1.97%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1006534      0.66%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       304275      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    151804522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         321456     37.38%     37.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3839      0.45%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        331834     38.59%     76.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       202812     23.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2140551      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111634889     74.56%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3108616      2.08%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20292759     13.55%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12557174      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     149733989                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.917775                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             859941                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445153626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177754078                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142608525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7419972                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5111514                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3626159                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     144744407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3708972                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2310389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3560981                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29995                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1969587                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21073                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4667188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15136761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       159925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158511703                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2780217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21342644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13348723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1123661                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         77084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         9395                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        15551                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       954397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1376615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2331012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147307046                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19793727                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2426943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32175281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15151294                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12381554                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.902899                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146449435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146234684                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96300813                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        156788954                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.896326                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614207                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26191087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       903077                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2140588                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    147210695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.897273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.840500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    102951230     69.93%     69.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15139887     10.28%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9050495      6.15%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7465184      5.07%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3634545      2.47%     93.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1876715      1.27%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1412876      0.96%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1385389      0.94%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4294374      2.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    147210695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66285424                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132088155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29160814                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17781674                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13873645                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128987993                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4294374                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           300893126                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          321261466                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 545496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               11344443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180030802425                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66285424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132088155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66285424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.461310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.461310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.406288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.406288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       290552281                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157437006                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6336385                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3318191                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63889665                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1017308                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717924                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410911                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293846                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686375.978821                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124468998.021186                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
