
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 105413                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   187151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58940518                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518407                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        920392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432753410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    222779689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              977227853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432753410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433415787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432753410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    222779689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1284571090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.193692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048253000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.193692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.574606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.574606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250262824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250262824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251179824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251179824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251179824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251179824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177743.482955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177743.482955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1754100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10963.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233296800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233296800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233945600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233945600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165693.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165693.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1239                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1450.753267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.752220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          104.347708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.818749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.695825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.010313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.324375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.834197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    989.417614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    326.304486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.025476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.079664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.354188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             607                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  607                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1844                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          518                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212311570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74246963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      290421684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34398112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34398112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212311570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108645075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324819796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212311570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108645075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324819796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          607                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              607                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.409631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.814286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.430234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.430234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78471.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61110.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89620.755593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95926.308786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90558.679139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101469.356932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100579.274854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78471.372093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61110.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89620.755593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97614.622642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91524.315582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78471.372093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61110.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89620.755593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97614.622642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91524.315582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3140392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199156509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70007699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272747950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32513508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32513508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3140392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199156509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102521207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305261458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3140392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199156509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102521207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305261458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323319                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323319                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.428294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73032.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55418.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84067.753905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90449.223514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85393.847840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95910.053097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95910.053097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73032.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55418.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84067.753905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92112.495058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86402.903481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73032.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55418.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84067.753905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92112.495058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86402.903481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1756.378504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           24.327760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.054103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.731931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1253.589334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    439.675520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    529                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186054484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66070059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      255296843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31102356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31102356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186054484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97172415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286399199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186054484                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97172415                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286399199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.875969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.836919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.982353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.850860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.850860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96625.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.757143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97448.464602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95118.048808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93964.821752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93120.826347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96625.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96305.664024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.017561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96625.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96305.664024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.017561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2399637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158492333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56628027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217833597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26367298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26367298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2399637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158492333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82995325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244200895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2399637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158492333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82995325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244200895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.875969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.846349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82746.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80863.435204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83522.163717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81555.071883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79659.510574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79659.510574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82746.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80863.435204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82255.029732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81346.067622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82746.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80863.435204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82255.029732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81346.067622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3703                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               440.221775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.722387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.227418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   439.994357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.859364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.859808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    301850132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301850132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    301850132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    301850132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    301850132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    301850132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61464.087151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61426.563289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61464.087151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61426.563289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61464.087151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61426.563289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236112489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236112489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236112489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236112489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236112489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236112489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56043.790411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56043.790411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.293756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.478261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.219366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.074390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.076210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.643360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1763390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1763390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1763390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1763390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1763390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1763390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18368.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17120.291262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18368.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17120.291262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18368.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17120.291262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1461446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1461446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1461446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1461446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1461446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1461446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15223.395833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15223.395833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2281                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.008142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30996715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30996715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30996715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30996715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30996715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30996715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13529.775207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.434044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13529.775207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.434044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13529.775207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.434044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23947057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23947057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23947057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23947057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23947057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23947057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10452.665648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10452.665648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1133                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               376.524714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   24743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.838482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.162848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   375.361866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.733129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.735400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26886                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26887                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15968                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15972                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2544                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145880332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145880332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38615121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38615121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184495453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184495453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184495453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184495453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69732.472275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69732.472275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86002.496659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85431.683628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72607.419520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72521.797563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72607.419520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72521.797563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          607                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              607                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81561733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81561733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36017372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36017372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117579105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117579105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117579105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117579105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11777277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11777277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67073.793586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67073.793586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82798.556322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82798.556322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37624                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28167                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14861                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                182360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14861                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          414                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             28                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.815745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.278506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360749     87.34%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2404      0.58%     87.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1926      0.47%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2813      0.68%     89.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3907      0.95%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3739      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5132      1.24%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2000      0.48%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30393      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.235763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          173705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       171258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17715                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        324073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17715                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        308354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       337682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       763770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       763680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       209414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          945                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            287321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           257145                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.622532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.396078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       317449     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31917      7.73%     84.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20031      4.85%     89.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16238      3.93%     93.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11194      2.71%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8526      2.06%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5337      1.29%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1944      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          427      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            505     40.02%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           402     31.85%     71.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          355     28.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2858      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       197661     76.87%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35024     13.62%     91.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21592      8.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        257145                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.332448                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1262                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       930893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       383569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       245092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        255535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14662                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8518                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17715                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       288904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           90                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6168                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7298                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       249826                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33216                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25351                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20641                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.322986                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                245805                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               245101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159076                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           249537                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.316877                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637485                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.471658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.391011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330907     83.69%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24032      6.08%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12306      3.11%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9881      2.50%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5890      1.49%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2905      0.73%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1665      0.42%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2433      0.62%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5388      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102673                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        186497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41251                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24788                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20318                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              678768                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             595588                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 360426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96943                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102673                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               186497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102673                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.533519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.533519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          480889                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         266353                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109242                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           631                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048996                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048996306255                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132503931034                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43901                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84642                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1689729211                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4747072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35537.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1560129330                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3007982871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3414528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           101120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       138048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2436864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     55302976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            61431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2436864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2436864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     40788416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         40788416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        38076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       864109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               959861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         637319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              637319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       920964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                1023016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           679252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                679252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           679252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       920964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1702269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   282774                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.891165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   282789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.043473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.847693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            56                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               56                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       405584                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          409114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22534                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73734                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        428118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           482848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       428118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          482848                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    508728664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  46747031331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47255759995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8942136600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    966675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9908811600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9450865264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  47713706331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57164571595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9450865264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  47713706331                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57164571595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       405765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        409295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       428355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         483085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       428355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        483085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999241                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144115.768839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115258.568708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115507.560228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174651.105469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42898.508920                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134385.922370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172681.623680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111449.895428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118390.407737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172681.623680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111449.895428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118390.407737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    403170420                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47260                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8530.901820                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55278                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55278                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       405584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       409114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       428118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       482848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       428118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       482848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466038384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  41854922394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42320960778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8325027692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    683130200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9008157892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8791066076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42538052594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51329118670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8791066076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42538052594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51329118670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997521                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999241                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132022.205099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103196.680328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103445.398539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162598.197109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30315.532085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122171.018689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160626.093112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99360.579546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106304.921362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160626.093112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99360.579546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106304.921362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11485706                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2871.917385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        43524781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11488604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.788518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          952.824641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   110.001477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.154048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    871.842861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    936.094341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.232623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.212852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.228539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.701152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19291427                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9427159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6530528                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               35553780                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10201070                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             10201070                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1298416                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1298416                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1646230                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1646230                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19291427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9427159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8176758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                37200010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19291427                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304666                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9427159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8176758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               37200010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3515297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5319627                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              9254544                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            22                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 22                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       131652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            131652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1890135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1890135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3515297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7209762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11144679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3515297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7209762                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11144679                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8906733822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    212263262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80753844672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165983763028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   255856604784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2137766585                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2137766585                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90616132650                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  90616132650                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8906733822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    212263262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80753844672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256599895678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    346472737434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8906733822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    212263262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80753844672                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256599895678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   346472737434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19703534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12942456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11850155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           44808324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10201092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         10201092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1430068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1430068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3536365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3536365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19703534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12942456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15386520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            48344689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19703534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12942456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15386520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           48344689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.206536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092060                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.092060                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.534485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.230525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.230525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21612.672976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28252.796752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22972.125733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31202.143125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27646.592289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16238.010702                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16238.010702                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47941.619329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47941.619329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21612.672976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28252.796752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22972.125733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35590.619452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31088.624216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21612.672976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28252.796752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22972.125733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35590.619452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31088.624216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5287967                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5287967                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3515281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5319627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9254474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           22                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            22                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       131652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       131652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1890135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1890135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3515281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7209762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11144609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3515281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7209762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11144609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6708387433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    171448463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60786038574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136612886734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 204278761204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9316193137                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9316193137                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79925346272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79925346272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6708387433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    171448463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60786038574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216538233006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 284204107476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6708387433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    171448463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60786038574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216538233006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 284204107476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8492680215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8492680215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11735276309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11735276309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20227956524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20227956524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092060                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092060                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.230524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16279.135210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22917.853629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17291.942970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25680.914608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22073.513979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70763.779791                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.779791                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42285.522607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42285.522607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16279.135210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22917.853629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17291.942970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30034.033440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25501.487533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16279.135210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22917.853629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17291.942970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30034.033440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25501.487533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        875542                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32221.851105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        13628360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        907950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         15.010034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18039.415746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.081698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   132.508765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    26.086519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2496.050779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11521.675224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.550519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.076173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.351614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       409928                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3477204                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4763952                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8657978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5287989                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5287989                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30685                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               30685                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1264351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1264351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       409928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3477204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6028303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 9922329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       409928                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3477204                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6028303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                9922329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38077                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       555675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               596496                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       316277                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            316277                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       410474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             410474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       966149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               1006970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38077                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       966149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              1006970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200143876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54575680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3566905287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51429172606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    55250797449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    887547868                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    887547868                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37930777368                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  37930777368                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200143876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54575680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3566905287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89359949974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     93181574817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200143876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54575680                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3566905287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89359949974                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    93181574817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3515281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5319627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            9254474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5287989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5287989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       346962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          346962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1674825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1674825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3515281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6994452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10929299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       412085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3515281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6994452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10929299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.064455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.911561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.245085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.092135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.092135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92788.074177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92973.901193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93676.111222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92552.611879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92625.595895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2806.235888                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2806.235888                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92407.259334                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92407.259334                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92788.074177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92973.901193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93676.111222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92490.858008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92536.594752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92788.074177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92973.901193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93676.111222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92490.858008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92536.594752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              582041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   582041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       555675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          596496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       316277                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       316277                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       410474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        410474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       966149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          1006970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       966149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         1006970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    169890017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46346752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029847440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43633102025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46879186234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23998855470                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23998855470                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32013378081                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32013378081                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    169890017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46346752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029847440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75646480106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78892564315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    169890017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46346752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029847440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75646480106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78892564315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7617513798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7617513798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10433658753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10433658753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18051172551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18051172551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.092135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78762.177561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78955.284497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79571.590199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78522.701264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78590.948194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75879.230769                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75879.230769                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77991.244466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77991.244466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78762.177561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78955.284497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79571.590199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78296.908765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78346.489285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78762.177561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78955.284497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79571.590199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78296.908765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78346.489285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24083739                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68316                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18631                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        334                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   260                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18441                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3217646                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     18965                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24152055                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3208545                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9101                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            310                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18625                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12942460                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138173562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12942972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.675567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138167225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138167225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138167225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138167225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138167225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138167225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13627025                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13627025                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13627025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13627025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13627025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13627025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 242366470248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 242366470248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 242366470248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 242366470248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 242366470248                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 242366470248                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151794250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151794250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151794250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    151794250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151794250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    151794250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17785.721406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17785.721406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17785.721406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17785.721406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17785.721406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17785.721406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       469479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39123.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       684544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       684544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       684544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       684544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       684544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       684544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12942481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12942481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12942481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12942481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12942481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12942481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185837009549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 185837009549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185837009549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 185837009549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185837009549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 185837009549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14358.685135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14358.685135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14358.685135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14358.685135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14358.685135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14358.685135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       319524                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.981011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        253768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       319540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.794167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083939806000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.981004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       253515                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       253515                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       253515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       253515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       253515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       253515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       319729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       319729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       319729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6007515122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6007515122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6007515122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6007515122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6007515122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6007515122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       573244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       573244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       573244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.557754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.557754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.557754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.557754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.557754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18789.397027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18789.397027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18789.397027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18789.397027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18789.397027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18789.397027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        12773                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        12773                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       319729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5032380962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5032380962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5032380962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5032380962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5032380962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5032380962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.557754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.557754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.557754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15739.519912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15739.519912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15739.519912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15739.519912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15739.519912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15739.519912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20354460                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       8655403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20354476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.425233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8655113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8655113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8655113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8655113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8655113                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8655113                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20355969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20355969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20355969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20355969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20355969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20355969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 238342639450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 238342639450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 238342639450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 238342639450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 238342639450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 238342639450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29011082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29011082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29011082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     29011082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29011082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     29011082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.701662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.701662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.701662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.701662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.701662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.701662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11708.734644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11708.734644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11708.734644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11708.734644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11708.734644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11708.734644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       219867                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       219867                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20355969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20355969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20355969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20355969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20355969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20355969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 176156038227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176156038227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 176156038227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 176156038227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 176156038227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 176156038227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.701662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.701662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.701662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8653.778075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8653.778075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8653.778075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8653.778075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8653.778075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8653.778075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15365145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.743687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               251429766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15365657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.363099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.743687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    146220328                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      146220328                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103714147                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103714147                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    249934475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       249934475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    249934475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      249934475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23714490                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23714490                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5000024                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5000024                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     28714514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      28714514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     28714514                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     28714514                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 772595937317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 772595937317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153182113778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 153182113778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 925778051095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 925778051095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 925778051095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 925778051095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169934818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169934818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108714171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108714171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278648989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278648989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278648989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278648989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.103049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.103049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32579.066103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32579.066103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30636.275701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30636.275701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32240.770333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32240.770333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32240.770333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32240.770333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9968453                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          9968453                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11854633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11854633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        55015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        55015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11909648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11909648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11909648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11909648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11859857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11859857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4945009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4945009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16804866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16804866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16804866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16804866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 284087070924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 284087070924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132946780972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132946780972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417033851896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 417033851896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417033851896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 417033851896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8839695977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8839695977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12208335221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12208335221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21048031198                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21048031198                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23953.667479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23953.667479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26885.043277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26885.043277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24816.255714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24816.255714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24816.255714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24816.255714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2485689351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204042438                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204042438                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22790914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    129580308                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91442781                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    832916364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             931609263                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204042438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91442781                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            309203469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       77270939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           7685041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1109975909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5183833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       995253                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          191                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        151794260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13981094                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          83861                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2319858776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.805707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.255284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2016320967     86.92%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24029882      1.04%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15464967      0.67%     88.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19176338      0.83%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21485359      0.93%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19593278      0.84%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17287005      0.75%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        22999138      0.99%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163501842      7.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2319858776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.082087                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.374789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       806661589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1161175023                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        287717518                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10405930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      53898716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1838926082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          922                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      53898716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       839884414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      799369232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    244816246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        263912535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    117977633                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1795789524                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1334286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49848372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     57623342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1869852                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2007877571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4571625837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4267759136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303866701                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1527602155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       480275529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3613930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3726280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        273677635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    201613762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127507111                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15214865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13740027                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1639409512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6332699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541182018                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9985922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    267044162                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    390580778                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1964421                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2319858776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.664343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.367557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1685230982     72.64%     72.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    246337533     10.62%     83.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    153595104      6.62%     89.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88203584      3.80%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61480321      2.65%     96.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44313464      1.91%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     31091358      1.34%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7844667      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1761763      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2319858776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3280874     37.37%     37.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12852      0.15%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3187249     36.30%     73.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2299084     26.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33308738      2.16%      2.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1108474370     71.92%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90743591      5.89%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189498232     12.30%     92.27% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119157087      7.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541182018                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.620022                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8780059                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005697                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5213043646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1765823279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1406853110                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215581656                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147134651                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105662758                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1408896923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107756416                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15504159                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     35898870                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       182007                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       186905                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19524079                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       112607                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      53898716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      630763227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10173157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1645742211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     54024549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    201613762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127507111                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4304616                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5349959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       726067                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       186905                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6886179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18453190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25339369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1519866164                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185279422                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21315854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           303078613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155766677                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117799191                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.611447                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1513619076                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1512515868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1011341169                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1744997108                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.608489                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579566                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    293378894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4368279                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22861468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2266282432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.596766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.630203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1834824467     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    149706748      6.61%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90004331      3.97%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63569326      2.81%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26264950      1.16%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17095297      0.75%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13982214      0.62%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9093230      0.40%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     61741869      2.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2266282432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    677288461                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1352440519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             273697956                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            165714917                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1518458                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141124108                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270102                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1278263801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     61741869                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3849611652                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3346515509                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7050053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              165830575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177840371395                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          677288461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1352440519                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    677288461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.670060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.670060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.272475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.272475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3073689396                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1580525833                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185118062                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96590847                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      600115488                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3105981                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          375724                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73070240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77627968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9325451072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1861447229                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11338086577                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9325451072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9325451072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24391147                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203437652                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1229643327                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9133780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1165681384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        259989996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1444531284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          406902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156606472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157041726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1216844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155297368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           30998807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188813923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155297368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155297368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            406187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20040929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20477334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            412444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1216844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155297368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51039735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209291257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68316                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24083739                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       334                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18631                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  124                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  182                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18441                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3217646                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    18965                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24152055                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9101                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3208545                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           310                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13740                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327309035                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 881780055                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1653666020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1646896441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442033                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111519574                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1646896441                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442033                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4193445539                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1816744729                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717057                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364313                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417258585                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260293484                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                156965101                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178389630108.468597                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1937678926.531390                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
