
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 158060                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   281807                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86057773                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        82560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              307520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    282708736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    280736349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1053035251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277449038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277449038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277449038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    282708736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    280736349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1330484289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1287                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.697066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.697066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    238646832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    238646832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239557832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    239557832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239557832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    239557832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43380.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43380.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184854.246321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184854.246321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1473400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9888.590604                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1267                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1267                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       644300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       644300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223212292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223212292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223856592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223856592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223856592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223856592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30680.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30680.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172898.754454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172898.754454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           284                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1806.863914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.362676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           63.401877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.970458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.931985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.659106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.240406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1175.407377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    517.252837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4992                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104710416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338302721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32658287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32658287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137368703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370961008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137368703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370961008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.397010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815104                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.815584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.415867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.415867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107395.298462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104414.420062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104339.575080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104007.283439                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106652.719720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104378.449071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106652.719720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104378.449071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99369192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320522673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30919887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30919887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130289079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351442560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130289079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351442560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3180252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3180252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.414346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101917.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99294.508364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98785.581470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98785.581470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101156.117236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99249.522734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101156.117236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99249.522734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1794.267585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.328165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.743968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.241604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.318876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    536.635108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96015988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309141943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29685485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29685485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125701473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338827428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125701473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338827428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98985.554639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96516.373088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95451.720257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95145.785256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98127.613583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96394.716358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98127.613583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96394.716358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82476207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264415034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25263043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25263043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107739250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289678077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107739250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289678077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85027.017526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82862.749608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81231.649518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81231.649518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84105.581577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84105.581577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3681                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               424.602677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.023907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.256862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   424.345815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.828800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.829302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4904                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4904                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.254557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.137255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598746732300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.119343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.694959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.703410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2519                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.908856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.273521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619407300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.087802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2536                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2536                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1189                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.298303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.398654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701894300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.523808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   423.774495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.827685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.828708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17377                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17378                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49718                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218017396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218017396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36794459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36794459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254811855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254811855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254811855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254811855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89205.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89168.669121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92915.300505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92681.256927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89722.484155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89659.343772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89722.484155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89659.343772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112167068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112167068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34393671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34393671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146560739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146560739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146560739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146560739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85233.334347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85233.334347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89334.210390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89334.210390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44426                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6864                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33411                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18029                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18029                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       452589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.873068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.345754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390959     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2915      0.64%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2508      0.55%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3412      0.75%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5007      1.11%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3681      0.81%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5732      1.27%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2851      0.63%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35524      7.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       452589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       902600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       902446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1798                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298816                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          907                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       452589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.660237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.431263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341529     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37120      8.20%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23666      5.23%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18283      4.04%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12885      2.85%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9895      2.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6436      1.42%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2316      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          459      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       452589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            704     46.32%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           406     26.71%     73.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          410     26.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3244      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230032     76.98%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42061     14.08%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23469      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298816                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340850                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1520                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005087                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1054413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450482                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18318                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9728                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290015                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39941                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29786                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22347                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330811                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187371                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297668                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324974                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629463                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       357567     82.73%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27687      6.41%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13876      3.21%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11763      2.72%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6875      1.59%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3456      0.80%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2011      0.47%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2769      0.64%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6187      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117686                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47538                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29717                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23996                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214535                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              764047                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697072                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 424091                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.449314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.449314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562230                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311405                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127444                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.002286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5002286048658                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12601349202168                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112129                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              346059177                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4816940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14455.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   930130478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1620824768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1388480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2143296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       378048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     30495680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    144552768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           178966528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30495680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       30495680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     79874624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         79874624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        21695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       476495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2258637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              2796352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1248041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1248041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       277569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        75575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      6096349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     28897341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               35776948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6096349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           6096349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         15967624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              15967624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         15967624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       277569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        75575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      6096349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     28897341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              51744572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    22170                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.752889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         89                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    22182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     2.898888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.854001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.181181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.678375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.859556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            17                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               17                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             46                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                46                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21696                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          167                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          21863                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            22337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22035                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           22337                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      6186119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20613119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3893505288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     12673000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3906178288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3907932288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     18859119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3926791407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3907932288                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     18859119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3926791407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          22383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         22383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.823171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.942346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.907609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.867816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.867816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42557.522124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45823.103704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43487.592827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179457.286504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75886.227545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178666.161460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177351.136283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62447.413907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175797.618615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177351.136283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62447.413907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175797.618615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     26025400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2508                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10376.953748                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          21807                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               21807                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14718500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3632091780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     10624000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642715780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3642298280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     15136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657434280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3642298280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     15136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657434280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.823171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.907609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999223                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.867816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.867816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30107.669617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33422.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31051.687764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167408.360066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63616.766467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166615.550473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165296.041752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50119.205298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163738.831535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165296.041752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50119.205298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163738.831535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          339                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1388544                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          339                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       9984234                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4026.809323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        44317288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       9988250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.436942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627200463351                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1017.109754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   254.078875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    48.441112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1206.818484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1500.357402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.062031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.294633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.366298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.983108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13674886                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1262668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6247187                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7594165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               28778906                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        17473780                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             17473780                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       504350                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              504350                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11328418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             11328418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13674886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1262668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6247187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18922583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                40107324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13674886                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1262668                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6247187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18922583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               40107324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241879                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2715553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4992231                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8039926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4459                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4459                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1921039                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1921039                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2715553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6913270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               9960965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241879                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2715553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6913270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              9960965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7969719976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2487339324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97898085054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216536184263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   324891328617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     64761002                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     64761002                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117907564040                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 117907564040                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7969719976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2487339324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97898085054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 334443748303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    442798892657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7969719976                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2487339324                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97898085054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 334443748303                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   442798892657                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13916765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1352931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8962740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12586396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           36818832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     17473780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         17473780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       508809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          508809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13249457                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         13249457                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13916765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1352931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8962740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25835853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            50068289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13916765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1352931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8962740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25835853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           50068289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.302982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.218365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.144990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.302982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.198948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.302982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.198948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32949.201774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27556.577158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36050.883578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43374.632356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40409.741161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14523.660462                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14523.660462                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61376.975709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61376.975709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32949.201774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27556.577158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36050.883578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48377.070229                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44453.413164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32949.201774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27556.577158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36050.883578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48377.070229                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44453.413164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3590057                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3590057                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2715549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4992207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8039799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1921039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1921039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2715549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6913246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          9960838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2715549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6913246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         9960838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6654802116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1988570554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82532553852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188702215261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 279878141783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    361308434                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361308434                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107221243726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 107221243726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6654802116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1988570554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82532553852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295923458987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 387099385509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6654802116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1988570554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82532553852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295923458987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 387099385509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    127960835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    127960835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    346644891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    346644891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    474605726                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    474605726                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.302982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008764                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.302982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.198945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.302982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27516.010271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22048.436695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30392.585018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37799.357130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34811.584442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81029.027585                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81029.027585                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55814.194155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55814.194155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27516.010271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22048.436695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30392.585018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42805.284086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38862.130426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27516.010271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22048.436695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30392.585018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42805.284086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38862.130426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       2748545                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32184.188037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8852703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       2780547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.183799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625751347018                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7775.446000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.035584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.022679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   815.449743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   177.092640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9829.753254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13586.384734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.237288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       208363                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        84284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2239053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3690518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                6222218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3590057                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3590057                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       963688                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               963688                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       208363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        84284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2239053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4654206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 7185906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       208363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        84284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2239053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4654206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                7185906                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       476496                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1301689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1817581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3789                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       957267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             957267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       476496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               2774848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       476496                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258956                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              2774848                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3119871922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    559377721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44523559333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121815692939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   170018501915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28370128                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     28370128                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88880283630                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  88880283630                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3119871922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    559377721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44523559333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 210695976569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    258898785545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3119871922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    559377721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44523559333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 210695976569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   258898785545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2715549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4992207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8039799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3590057                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3590057                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1920955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1920955                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2715549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6913162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             9960754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       241852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2715549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6913162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            9960754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.138469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.226073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834030                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.834030                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.498329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.498329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.138469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.278578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.138469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.278578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93161.095345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94697.430337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93439.523801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93582.793539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93541.086705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7487.497493                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7487.497493                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92847.955304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92847.955304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93161.095345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94697.430337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93439.523801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93271.394648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93301.970250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93161.095345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94697.430337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93439.523801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93271.394648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93301.970250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1226234                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1226234                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       476496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1301689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1817581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3789                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       957267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        957267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       476496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          2774848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       476496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         2774848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2649951259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    476804955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37803478548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103471415364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 144401650126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    294086478                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    294086478                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75151990092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75151990092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2649951259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    476804955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37803478548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178623405456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 219553640218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2649951259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    476804955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37803478548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178623405456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 219553640218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    114190531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    114190531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    305294718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    305294718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    419485249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    419485249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.138469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834030                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.834030                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.498329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.138469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.278578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.138469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79129.005315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80718.631285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.402715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79490.120424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79447.160884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77615.855899                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77615.855899                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78506.822122                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78506.822122                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79129.005315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80718.631285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.402715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79073.432796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79122.762839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79129.005315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80718.631285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.402715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79073.432796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79122.762839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2310                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         3530                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         41                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         41                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    40                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9340                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        82                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        5840                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            16                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     3694                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5645                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              8                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              8                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  64                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               8962828                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.869303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               225470213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               8963340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 25.154709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.869303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    225465174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      225465174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    225465174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       225465174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    225465174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      225465174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9673569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9673569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9673569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       9673569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9673569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      9673569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228084624468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 228084624468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228084624468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 228084624468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228084624468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 228084624468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    235138743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    235138743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    235138743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    235138743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    235138743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    235138743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23578.125557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23578.125557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23578.125557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23578.125557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23578.125557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23578.125557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4771479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39762.325000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       710683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       710683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       710683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       710683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       710683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       710683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8962886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8962886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8962886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8962886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8962886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8962886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 174823964016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 174823964016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 174823964016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 174823964016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 174823964016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 174823964016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.038117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.038117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.038117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19505.320498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19505.320498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19505.320498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19505.320498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19505.320498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19505.320498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1353318                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4718229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1353334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.486374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4718021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4718021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4718021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4718021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4718021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4718021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353521                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1353521                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1353521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1353521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  21334913172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21334913172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  21334913172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21334913172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  21334913172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21334913172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6071542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6071542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6071542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      6071542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6071542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      6071542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15762.528377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15762.528377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15762.528377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15762.528377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15762.528377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15762.528377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1268                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1353521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1353521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1353521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  17054273665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17054273665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  17054273665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17054273665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  17054273665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17054273665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12599.932816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12599.932816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12599.932816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12599.932816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12599.932816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12599.932816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     13921182                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      26767601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     13921198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.922794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26767159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     26767159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26767159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     26767159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26767159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     26767159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13925523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     13925523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13925523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     13925523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13925523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     13925523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 188523233219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 188523233219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 188523233219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 188523233219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 188523233219                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 188523233219                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40692682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40692682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40692682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     40692682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40692682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     40692682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13537.964299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13537.964299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13537.964299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13537.964299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13537.964299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13537.964299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        28174                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        28174                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13925523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13925523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13925523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13925523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13925523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13925523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 145197018604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 145197018604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 145197018604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 145197018604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 145197018604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 145197018604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10426.683336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10426.683336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10426.683336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10426.683336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10426.683336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10426.683336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              25835894                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               444950109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              25836406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 17.221827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    328670801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      328670801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    115666152                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     115666152                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    444336953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       444336953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    444336953                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      444336953                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20553686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     20553686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13769747                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13769747                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     34323433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      34323433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     34323433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     34323433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703083552443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 703083552443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 319856459710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 319856459710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1022940012153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1022940012153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1022940012153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1022940012153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    349224487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    349224487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129435899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129435899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    478660386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    478660386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    478660386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    478660386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.106383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34207.175902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34207.175902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23228.927860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23228.927860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29802.963245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29802.963245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29802.963245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29802.963245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     17444338                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         17444338                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7964765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7964765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        17700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7982465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7982465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7982465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7982465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12588921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12588921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13752047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     13752047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26340968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26340968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26340968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26340968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 326535149659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 326535149659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 268155424833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 268155424833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 594690574492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 594690574492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 594690574492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 594690574492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    133455071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    133455071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    362002178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362002178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    495457249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    495457249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25938.295241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25938.295241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19499.309800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19499.309800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22576.640862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22576.640862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22576.640862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22576.640862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2985916907                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       268069066                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    268069066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     30938924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    201362935                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       161289403                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    949012349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1493960132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          268069066                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    161289403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            444918993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      151761176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          44587513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1060863143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        51833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       898895                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          876                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        235138850                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     15584402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         629421                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2620639419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.000040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.440860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2183459004     83.32%     83.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        26922036      1.03%     84.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        27087362      1.03%     85.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        39893602      1.52%     86.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        31864624      1.22%     88.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        37581191      1.43%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        27973320      1.07%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        30103983      1.15%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       215754297      8.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2620639419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.089778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.500335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       985203836                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1088577023                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        408707871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     17844872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     120305817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2556030981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     120305817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1025314993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      902651408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     11769981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        382811219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    177786001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2482119811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1223196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      23457119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    146305014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       967248                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2781523985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   6215985776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   6192543248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     23442528                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1818590194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       962933783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       327148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       326773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        366912230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    470835045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    196192134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     30355511                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20783735                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        2373225553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       938410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       2092651663                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4362519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    734677016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1073097365                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       410617                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2620639419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.798527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.447271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1754688230     66.96%     66.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    328950290     12.55%     79.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    212299333      8.10%     87.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    129026411      4.92%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90490923      3.45%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     57802388      2.21%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     32787554      1.25%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12431802      0.47%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2162488      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2620639419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3729959     37.46%     37.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13850      0.14%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3846822     38.63%     76.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2367098     23.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     13469508      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1504525139     71.90%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3468898      0.17%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    404986184     19.35%     92.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    166201934      7.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    2092651663                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.700841                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            9957729                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6817246184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3097472386                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2022006082                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     13847651                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     11787800                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6437647                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    2082245154                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        6894730                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     44897314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    155889073                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       394877                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       442160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     66760822                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       121029                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2137                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     120305817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      655948218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     12170481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2374163963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     14720668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    470835045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    196192134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       669920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       3209387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1225732                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       442160                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     21548056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     11703841                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     33251897                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   2057710330                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    394222786                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     34941333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           557244620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       196051806                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         163021834                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.689139                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            2034211272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           2028443729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1398763883                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       2155031654                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.679337                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649069                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    770076427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       527793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     31044257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2500361748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.641975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.669757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1983347904     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    189620364      7.58%     86.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     82222350      3.29%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     93506594      3.74%     93.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     36025493      1.44%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18633138      0.75%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     15978291      0.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10772303      0.43%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     70255311      2.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2500361748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    921957311                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1605170863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             444377289                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            314945970                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             116992                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         166581111                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           5099791                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1595299820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     70255311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4805240536                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         4871281968                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7061704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              365277488                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         12034797515                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          921957311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1605170863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    921957311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.238672                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.238672                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.308769                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.308769                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3986138037                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2257050451                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6502904                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         4499953                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      980840215                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        301727                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            5162                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        92800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74744304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        13309379                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           88201477                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74744304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74744304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         3942                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9246850                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10500072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        11600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9343038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2016749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11377795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1248390                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1268079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         9474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           14942029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            2660659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              17632234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      14942029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         14942029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1848525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2099055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       250230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         9474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          14942029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           4509184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             19731288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        3530                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2310                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        41                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        41                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   10                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   40                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9340                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       82                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       5840                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           16                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5645                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    3694                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             8                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             8                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 53                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15021880105                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7097388                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13747625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13681273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 8180                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       964811                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13681273                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        8180                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          34690424                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15626869                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              13078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              5937                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3276939                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2023393                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1253546                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15005882954.759718                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15997150.240282                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001065                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998935                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
