
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 116817                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   207961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64624440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      527226                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        938586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       123712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       123712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         123904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1535982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    424150526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    227544798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              971399057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    424150526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         424808804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1535982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    424150526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    227544798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1276840098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.507238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367785000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.507238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246334824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246334824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247257824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247257824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247257824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247257824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174953.710227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174953.710227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172907.569231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172907.569231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172907.569231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172907.569231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1604400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10696                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       654800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229369392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229369392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230024192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230024192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230024192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230024192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162904.397727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162904.397727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160856.078322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160856.078322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160856.078322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160856.078322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1247                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1456.540700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.841219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           71.504616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.376987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.564397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.015709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.455175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.206417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    981.023791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    372.393647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.239508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.090916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.355601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1704                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4571                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             500                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  500                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1704                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4650                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3194460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       810518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209590207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87417336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      301012521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24228418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24228418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3194460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       810518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209590207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111645754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       325240939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3194460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       810518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209590207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111645754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      325240939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.578322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.419482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.754658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.578322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.432650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.578322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.432650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        88735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 73683.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89683.443303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96274.599119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91133.067212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100532.854772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99705.423868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        88735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 73683.454545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89683.443303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97167.758050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91720.512972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        88735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 73683.454545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89683.443303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97167.758050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91720.512972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  64                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       64                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2998268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       748871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196615838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82434780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282797757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22891087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22891087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2998268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       748871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196615838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105325867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305688844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2998268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       748871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196615838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105325867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305688844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.578322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.578322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.431064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.578322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83285.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68079.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84131.723577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90787.202643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85904.543439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94983.763485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94983.763485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83285.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68079.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84131.723577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91667.421236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86523.873196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83285.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68079.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84131.723577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91667.421236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86523.873196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1812.051294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.651389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.329473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.716916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1239.721906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    522.631704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    517                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              64                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   64                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    525                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2786268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       665171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183669865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77935081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265056385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21804160                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21804160                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2786268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       665171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183669865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99739241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286860545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2786268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       665171                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183669865                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99739241                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286860545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           64                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               64                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.843476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.966805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.851862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.851862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96078.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95024.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.036730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96693.648883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95138.688083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94390.303030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93580.085837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96078.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95024.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.036730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96180.560270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95018.398476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96078.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95024.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.036730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96180.560270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95018.398476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2384468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       567357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156502896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66683410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226138131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18517438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18517438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2384468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       567357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156502896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85200848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244655569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2384468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       567357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156502896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85200848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244655569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.848194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82223.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80963.733057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82733.759305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81491.218378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80162.069264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80162.069264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82223.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80963.733057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82160.894889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81389.078177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82223.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80963.733057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82160.894889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81389.078177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3532                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               430.562054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.344847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001470536300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.257775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   430.304279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.840438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.840942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21917                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21917                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4761                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4764                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297950463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297950463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297950463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    297950463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297950463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    297950463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.178462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.178460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.178462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.178462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62581.487713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62542.078715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62581.487713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62542.078715                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62581.487713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62542.078715                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231803862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231803862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231803862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231803862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231803862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231803862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57362.994803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57362.994803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57362.994803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57362.994803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57362.994803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57362.994803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           95                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.575061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           95                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.936842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.229307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.345755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.014332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.646610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.660941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2231116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2231116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2231116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2231116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2231116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2231116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.284211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.284211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.284211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21248.723810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20658.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21248.723810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20658.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21248.723810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20658.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1902473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1902473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1902473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1902473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1902473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1902473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18118.790476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18118.790476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18118.790476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18118.790476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18118.790476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18118.790476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2397                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.866615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.080100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.820531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31589636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31589636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31589636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31589636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31589636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31589636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13124.069796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13091.436386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13124.069796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13091.436386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13124.069796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13091.436386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24197784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24197784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24197784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24197784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24197784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24197784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10053.088492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10053.088492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10053.088492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10053.088492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10053.088492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10053.088492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1141                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               361.617451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.852761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.085406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   360.532045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.704164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.706284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28376                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15318                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15321                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43693                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43697                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2827                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194610226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194610226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27907595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27907595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222517821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222517821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222517821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222517821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78440.236195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78377.054370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80657.789017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80194.238506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78711.645207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78600.431296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78711.645207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78600.431296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94617926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94617926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25700092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25700092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120318018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120318018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120318018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120318018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779401                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72227.424427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72227.424427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76946.383234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76946.383234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73186.142336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73186.142336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73186.142336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73186.142336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  777979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           40493                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        40493                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6197                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30160                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16284                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       177533                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                191263                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              40493                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                56656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        149089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           32                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          451                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26678                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3909                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             40                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.881932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.353592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          348317     86.25%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2688      0.67%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1983      0.49%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2851      0.71%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4537      1.12%     89.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4070      1.01%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5371      1.33%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2098      0.52%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31945      7.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052049                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          175079                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       157258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            50415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3087                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18016                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        342720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18016                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          179521                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          83284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61919                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49091                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        326006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       359786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       812462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       812372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       226083                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          133652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          971                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            31457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        41802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        23919                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            303761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1653                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           271697                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       143346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          823                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.672750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.442102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       303390     75.12%     75.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33226      8.23%     83.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20864      5.17%     88.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17117      4.24%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12033      2.98%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8945      2.21%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5860      1.45%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2025      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          400      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            625     46.02%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           381     28.06%     74.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          352     25.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2946      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       211017     77.67%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37137     13.67%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20587      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        271697                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.349234                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1358                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004998                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       950906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       402917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       259370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        270095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15084                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8206                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18016                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          71404                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       305414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        41802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        23919                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1244                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6055                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       264164                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35307                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27442                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19639                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.339552                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                260096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               259379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           171118                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           271797                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.333401                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629580                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105354                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          830                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       385915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.471344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       318875     82.63%     82.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24211      6.27%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12336      3.20%     92.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10425      2.70%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6119      1.59%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3374      0.87%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1797      0.47%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2465      0.64%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6313      1.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       385915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       108899                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        200045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42430                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                26717                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22447                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           198194                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              684862                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             628958                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 374119                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97874                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             108899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               200045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       108899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.144042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.144042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139977                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139977                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          513205                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         284076                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         114665                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           668                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092710                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92710135062                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15094543099248                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31365                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57276                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33570081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2761.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86620168                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158178384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1966080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5894016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18511296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26628736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5894016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5894016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10493632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10493632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        92094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       289239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               416074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         163963                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              163963                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     21206743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              869808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1084498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       821485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     63574667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    199668526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              287225728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     63574667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          63574667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        113187539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             113187539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        113187539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     21206743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             869808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1084498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       821485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     63574667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    199668526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             400413266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48708                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.843543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.042425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.801118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.252652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.675070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           243                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              243                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16727                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1531                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32571                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17773                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1767401683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1787872683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5465248120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127888000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5593136120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5485719120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1895289683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7381008803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5485719120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1895289683                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7381008803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42208.247423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 108816.751816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106885.435703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176071.137887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83532.331809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171721.350895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174011.708803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106638.703820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149722.276827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174011.708803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106638.703820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149722.276827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52979327                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9829.188683                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32188                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32188                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1571944926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586484926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5091182420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    109166200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5200348620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5105722420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1681111126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6786833546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5105722420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1681111126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6786833546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992595                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29979.381443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 96782.719246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94845.753931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164020.052191                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71303.853690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159661.926867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161957.888025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94587.921341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137669.551422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161957.888025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94587.921341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137669.551422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1391752                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3295.315409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2295341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1394814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.645625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          718.665239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    71.938530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    29.717354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1345.682004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1129.305898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.175455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.328536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.275709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.804520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       353092                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       506578                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       736538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1637692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          875626                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               875626                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42475                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               42475                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        61781                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                61781                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       353092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       506578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       798319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1699473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       353092                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       506578                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       798319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1699473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       610732                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       510716                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1170769                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4683                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4683                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       180866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             180866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       610732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       691582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1351635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       610732                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       691582                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1351635                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    862423135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    469674669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21001821726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27039000763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    49372920293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    207485260                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    207485260                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13262415284                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13262415284                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    862423135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    469674669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21001821726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40301416047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     62635335577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    862423135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    469674669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21001821726                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40301416047                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    62635335577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       385722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1117310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1247254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2808461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       875626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           875626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       242647                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           242647                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       385722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1117310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1489901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3051108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       385722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1117310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1489901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3051108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.546609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.416872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.099304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.745387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.546609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.464180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.442998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.546609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.464180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.442998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26430.374962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28139.396621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34387.950404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52943.320286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42171.359417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44306.055947                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44306.055947                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73327.299128                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73327.299128                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26430.374962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28139.396621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34387.950404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58274.240867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46340.421473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26430.374962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28139.396621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34387.950404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58274.240867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46340.421473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              363670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   363670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       610727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       510715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1170690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4683                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4683                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       180866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        180866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       610727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       691581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1351556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       610727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       691581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1351556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    684230623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    377541092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17550345061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24210230397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42822347173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    307292807                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307292807                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12253494711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12253494711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    684230623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    377541092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17550345061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36463725108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55075841884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    684230623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    377541092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17550345061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36463725108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55075841884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    193371130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    193371130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    307973686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    307973686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    501344816                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    501344816                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.546605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099304                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099304                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.546605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.464179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.442972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.546605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.464179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20984.807183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22686.040860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28736.808854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47404.580631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36578.724661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65618.792868                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65618.792868                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67749.022542                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67749.022542                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20984.807183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22686.040860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28736.808854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52725.169008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40749.951821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20984.807183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22686.040860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28736.808854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52725.169008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40749.951821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        356979                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30690.819546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1151354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        389245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.957916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15063269722679                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8097.232622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.137857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.167784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.442923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.284911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.551967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    94.994144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9532.059778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12815.947559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.247108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.290895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.391112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.936609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15452                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       518630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       319951                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 885068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          363670                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               363670                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1580                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1580                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        66925                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                66925                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       518630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       386876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  951993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31035                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15452                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       518630                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       386876                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 951993                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        92097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       190764                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               285622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4517                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4517                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        92097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       303291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                398149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        92097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       303291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               398149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    147651224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111537577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8613104750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17786598173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26658891724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128672813                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    128672813                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10644613120                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10644613120                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    147651224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111537577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8613104750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28431211293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37303504844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    147651224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111537577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8613104750                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28431211293                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37303504844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       610727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       510715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1170690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       363670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           363670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       179452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           179452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       610727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       690167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1350142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       610727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       690167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1350142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.373523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.243977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740856                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.740856                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.627059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.294894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.294894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93985.502228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93729.056303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93522.098983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93238.756647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93336.268649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28486.343369                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28486.343369                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94596.080230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94596.080230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93985.502228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93729.056303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93522.098983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93742.350723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93692.323336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93985.502228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93729.056303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93522.098983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93742.350723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93692.323336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              131775                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   131775                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        92097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       190764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        92097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           398149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        92097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          398149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    125646356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94826416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7315308708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15102537369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22638318849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    337732892                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    337732892                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9047766511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9047766511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    125646356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94826416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7315308708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24150303880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31686085360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    125646356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94826416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7315308708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24150303880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31686085360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    170831626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    170831626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    272677980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    272677980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    443509606                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    443509606                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.373523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740856                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740856                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.294894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79978.584341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79686.063866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79430.477735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79168.697286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79259.716860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74769.292008                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74769.292008                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80405.293938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80405.293938                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79978.584341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79686.063866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79430.477735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79627.499266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79583.485981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79978.584341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79686.063866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79430.477735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79627.499266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79583.485981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                91604483                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12954                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 88990055                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2614428                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8219                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4735                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 299                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1117312                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11049013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1117824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.884394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11043301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11043301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11043301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11043301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11043301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11043301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1258749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1258749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1258749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1258749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1258749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1258749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35386149309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35386149309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35386149309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35386149309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35386149309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35386149309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12302050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12302050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12302050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12302050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12302050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12302050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28112.156839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28112.156839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28112.156839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28112.156839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28112.156839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28112.156839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4531222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33074.613139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       141430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       141430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       141430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1117319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1117319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1117319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1117319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1117319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1117319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26674264663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26674264663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26674264663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26674264663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26674264663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26674264663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23873.454817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23873.454817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23873.454817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23873.454817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23873.454817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23873.454817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59953                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.663795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        308235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.139991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002285300300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.663795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.978987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.978987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307706                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       307706                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       307706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       307706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        63102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        63102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        63102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1118216311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1118216311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1118216311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1118216311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1118216311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1118216311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       370808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       370808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       370808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17720.774476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17720.774476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17720.774476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17720.774476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17720.774476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17720.774476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7981                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7981                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    910298967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    910298967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    910298967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910298967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    910298967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910298967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14425.833840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14425.833840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14425.833840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14425.833840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14425.833840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14425.833840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       395592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.868691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1705499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       395608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.311083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.868691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1705077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1705077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1705077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1705077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1705077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1705077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       398719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       398719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       398719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6011952575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6011952575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6011952575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6011952575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6011952575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6011952575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2103796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2103796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2103796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15078.169275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15078.169275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15078.169275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15078.169275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15078.169275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15078.169275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       144304                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       144304                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4718957870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4718957870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4718957870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4718957870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4718957870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4718957870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11835.297214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11835.297214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11835.297214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11835.297214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11835.297214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11835.297214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1491046                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.582071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                22116932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1491558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.828074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.582071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14200299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14200299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7857962                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7857962                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     22058261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        22058261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     22058261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       22058261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2162390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2162390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       291911                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       291911                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2454301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2454301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2454301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2454301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92917140429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92917140429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16017108105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16017108105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108934248534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108934248534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108934248534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108934248534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16362689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16362689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8149873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8149873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24512562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24512562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24512562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24512562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42969.649522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42969.649522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54869.833973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54869.833973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44385.040194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44385.040194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44385.040194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44385.040194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       723341                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           723341                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       912549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       912549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       915746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       915746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       915746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       915746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1249841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1249841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       288714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       288714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1538555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1538555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1538555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1538555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37606238251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37606238251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14850275373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14850275373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52456513624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52456513624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52456513624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52456513624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    202357805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    202357805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    320382343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    320382343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    522740148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    522740148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30088.817898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30088.817898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51435.937894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51435.937894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34094.662605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34094.662605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34094.662605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34094.662605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               234344254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17422636                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17422636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1869022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13328212                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9491429                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     60307550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80740381                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17422636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9491429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25366132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7710821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1925416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92547082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        17962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       271056                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1054                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12302149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1169310                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27260                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    186133630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.792731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.211744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       161604890     86.82%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1430946      0.77%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1463724      0.79%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2237608      1.20%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2120052      1.14%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1693948      0.91%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1716740      0.92%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1693411      0.91%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12172311      6.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    186133630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.344537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        62781540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     93790211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22451087                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1413414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5697378                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     143642406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5697378                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        64972542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       71198733                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13165565                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21511286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9588126                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     139310589                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       132554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2692075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5840568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       230798                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    157296882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    362633917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    361004390                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1629527                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113902551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43394404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       386934                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       387072                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20825609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22669866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10778979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3161343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1923653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133414906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       470294                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        121974271                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       370133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32079186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50174438                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       157425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    186133630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.655305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    133714060     71.84%     71.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20282360     10.90%     82.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13875427      7.45%     90.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7551955      4.06%     94.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5354968      2.88%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2984038      1.60%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1741296      0.94%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538854      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        90672      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    186133630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         287772     46.31%     46.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6335      1.02%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        217971     35.08%     82.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109350     17.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       845587      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90125514     73.89%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       420280      0.34%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20699017     16.97%     91.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9883873      8.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     121974271                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.520492                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             621428                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005095                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    430592738                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165169151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118101495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1087421                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       867214                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504258                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     121208259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         541853                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3813358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5680499                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32865                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        76493                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2628053                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        20655                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5697378                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51598995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       765907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133885200                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1154175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22669866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10778979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       445308                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        345869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        28107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        76493                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       903917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152438                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2056355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119946612                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20184206                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2027659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29887642                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13269783                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9703436                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.511839                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             118840159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118605753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80628842                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        130752781                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.506118                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616651                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34157919                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312869                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1903272                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    180480175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.595174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    148553828     82.31%     82.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12781717      7.08%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4496419      2.49%     91.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5067915      2.81%     94.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2087819      1.16%     95.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1165268      0.65%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634988      0.35%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       782069      0.43%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4910152      2.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    180480175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55295090                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99721543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25140305                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16989376                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9517                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11724830                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99194446                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4910152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           309320620                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          273483455                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 920560                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48210624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            44064468                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55295090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99721543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55295090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.238066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.238066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.235957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.235957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       243784649                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      132104387                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           834195                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          434206                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       58034565                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        361024                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2117416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       373640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320192968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52396829                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375148455                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320192968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320192968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36463363                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45368776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40024121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8261876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48601507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5009276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5149647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       164038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             565138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22839100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4030196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3453699725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          565168295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4046466492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3453699725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3453699725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     84694430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11362091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         393305036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            489361557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     84858468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11927229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22839100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4030196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3453699725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         958473331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4535828049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               91604483                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12954                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2614428                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                88990055                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4735                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8219                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                441                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      278409351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30260430                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56572322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56133647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380897                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4679837                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56133647                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380897                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145384305                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63601765                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636971                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13264549                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8262690                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5001859                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             212069017.616091                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66340333.383909                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.238283                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.761717                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
