
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59989                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106964                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32687932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535938                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1221                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1221                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    273942573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1042735011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        267587105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             267587105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        267587105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    273942573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1310322116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1248                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.723022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613637000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.723022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223645840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    223645840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    224517840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    224517840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    224517840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    224517840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177496.698413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177496.698413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1157600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10523.636364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1228                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1228                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       618700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       618700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208665192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208665192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    209283892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209283892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    209283892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209283892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165607.295238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165607.295238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1616                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1427.309913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.818069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           69.021171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.630974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.216692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.965412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.146906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.714771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    934.052222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    383.561764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.228040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.348464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             541                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  541                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8100105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3238752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232419570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105254852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349013279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32866171                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32866171                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8100105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3238752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232419570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138121023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       381879450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8100105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3238752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232419570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138121023                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      381879450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.808230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.481864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.830729                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.498340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.498340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92046.647727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83044.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91037.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101109.367915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93494.047415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103352.738994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103028.749216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92046.647727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83044.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91037.826087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101634.306843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94244.681639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92046.647727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83044.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91037.826087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101634.306843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94244.681639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  81                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       81                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7620256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3023287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218248760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99543478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328435781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31101459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31101459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7620256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3023287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218248760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130644937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359537240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7620256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3023287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218248760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130644937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359537240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3190894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3190894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7065955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7065955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10256849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10256849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.808230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.496741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86593.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 77520.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85487.175872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95622.937560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88265.461166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97803.330189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97803.330189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86593.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 77520.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85487.175872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96133.139809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89016.400099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86593.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 77520.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85487.175872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96133.139809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89016.400099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1803.627363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            8.253958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.440716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.278529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.528022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    539.126275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              81                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   81                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7069567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2736787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204334148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94785033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308925535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29757252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29757252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7069567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2736787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204334148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124542285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338682787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7069567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2736787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204334148                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124542285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338682787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           81                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               81                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.856148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.866173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.866173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103964.220588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101362.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95931.524883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98837.364964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96660.054756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95682.482315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95375.807692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103964.220588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101362.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95931.524883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98064.791339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96545.834379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103964.220588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101362.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95931.524883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98064.791339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96545.834379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6126353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2361207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174420607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81414818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264322985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25335438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25335438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6126353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2361207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174420607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106750256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289658423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6126353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2361207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174420607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106750256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289658423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2840706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2840706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6325885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6325885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9166591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9166591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.862963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90093.426471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87452.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81887.608920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84895.534932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83016.012877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81464.430868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81464.430868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90093.426471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81887.608920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84055.319685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82877.946495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90093.426471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81887.608920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84055.319685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82877.946495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3259                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.696428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.693157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616859300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.398112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319106402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319106402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319106402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319106402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319106402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319106402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70944.064473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70928.295621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70944.064473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70928.295621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70944.064473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70928.295621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249376581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249376581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249376581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249376581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249376581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249376581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66147.634218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.634218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.011895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.663043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748442300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.877387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.688243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4397642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4397642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4397642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4397642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4397642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4397642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41882.304762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40718.907407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41882.304762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40718.907407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41882.304762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40718.907407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4054558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4054558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4054558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4054558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4054558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4054558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38614.838095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38614.838095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2563                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.278580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618922300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.100204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2580                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35613548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35613548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35613548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35613548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35613548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35613548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13841.254567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13803.700775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13841.254567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13803.700775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13841.254567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13803.700775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27658569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27658569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27658569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27658569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27658569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27658569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10749.541003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10749.541003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1160                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.137729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.202586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701729300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.635975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17349                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17350                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216342218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216342218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36862612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36862612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253204830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253204830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253204830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253204830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89619.808616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89582.698965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91244.089109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91018.795062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89852.672108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89788.946809                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89852.672108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89788.946809                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          541                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              541                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111411531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111411531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34434915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34434915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145846446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145846446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145846446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145846446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3333371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3333371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7336686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7336686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10670057                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10670057                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022193                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86499.635870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86499.635870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87398.261421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87398.261421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44114                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32062                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17714                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          362                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4096                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.877240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.352218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388222     86.37%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2756      0.61%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2479      0.55%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3296      0.73%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4999      1.11%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3669      0.82%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5723      1.27%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2774      0.62%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35577      7.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378482                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        359679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       396697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       899025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       898875                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1070                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1067                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1771                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296558                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          877                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339588     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36605      8.14%     83.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23358      5.20%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18008      4.01%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12872      2.86%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9856      2.19%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6510      1.45%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2199      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          499      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            722     48.10%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.18%     74.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          386     25.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3236      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228466     77.04%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41521     14.00%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23325      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296558                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338219                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1501                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1046909                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       446836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17858                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9633                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1380                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287783                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39358                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29514                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22251                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328211                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185916                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295684                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322309                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628766                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.432965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355097     82.73%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27438      6.39%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13717      3.20%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11658      2.72%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6865      1.60%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3439      0.80%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2003      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2760      0.64%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6241      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117261                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47322                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29521                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23904                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758482                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             691940                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 427328                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215767                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.477533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.477533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558453                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308746                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126142                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.086628                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2086627581369                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9685690734879                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20915                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36493                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21734504                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5004100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 96005.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007905628                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3503543016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1478592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4128000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       825536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60196992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    306048512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           372681344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60196992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60196992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    171746176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        171746176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       940578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4782008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5823146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2683534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2683534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       708604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1978312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28848939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    146671363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              178604629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28848939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28848939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         82308016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              82308016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         82308016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       708604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1978312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28848939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    146671363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             260912644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23534                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.843185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.145555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.990199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.009097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             403                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23104                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23174                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15378000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2032838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17410838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4141954112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5515000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4147469112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4157332112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7547838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4164879950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4157332112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7547838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4164879950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.971084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42598.337950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48400.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43203.071960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179274.329640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78785.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178970.791059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177171.622075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67391.410714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176650.123001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177171.622075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67391.410714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176650.123001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28318000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10730.579765                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23152                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23152                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1511400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12390400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3863564948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4657400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3868222348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3874443948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6168800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3880612748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3874443948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6168800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3880612748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30135.734072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30745.409429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167224.937154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66534.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166920.788297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165115.872491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55078.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164593.152140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165115.872491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55078.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164593.152140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          361                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1478656                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          361                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29132203                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2815.809714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        76110174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29135572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.612277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          672.954569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   104.621754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.595931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    578.677456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1427.959910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.164296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.141279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.348623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.687454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29270225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1977377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7840217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15644293                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54732112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        27168548                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             27168548                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1541360                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1541360                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12541786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             12541786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29270225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1977377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7840217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28186079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                67273898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29270225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1977377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7840217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28186079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               67273898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1305072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7099170                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14506129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23339921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             20712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5088417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5088417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1305072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7099170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19594546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28428338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1305072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7099170                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19594546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28428338                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33570249954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10492143877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230579762675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 537729732792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   812371889298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93321119                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     93321119                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 278612016138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 278612016138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33570249954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10492143877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230579762675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 816341748930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1090983905436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33570249954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10492143877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230579762675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 816341748930                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1090983905436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30575297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14939387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30150422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           78072033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     27168548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         27168548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1562072                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1562072                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17630203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         17630203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30575297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14939387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47780625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            95702236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30575297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14939387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47780625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           95702236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.298954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.288619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25722.910272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24425.896582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32479.819849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37069.140416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34806.111353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4505.654645                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4505.654645                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54754.163454                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54754.163454                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25722.910272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24425.896582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32479.819849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41661.682232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38376.633394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25722.910272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24425.896582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32479.819849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41661.682232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38376.633394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10076721                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10076721                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1304656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7099164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14506083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23339075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20712                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        20712                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5088417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5088417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1304656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7099164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19594500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28427492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1304656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7099164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19594500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28427492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26499853723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8105685397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190377327436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456679520902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 681662387458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    914872504                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    914872504                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250412499922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 250412499922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26499853723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8105685397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190377327436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 707092020824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 932074887380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26499853723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8105685397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190377327436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 707092020824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 932074887380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     96955287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96955287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    225627421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    225627421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    322582708                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    322582708                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013259                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013259                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20311.755530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18886.799225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26816.865681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31481.932159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29206.915332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44171.132870                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44171.132870                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49212.259908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49212.259908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20311.755530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18886.799225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26816.865681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36086.249755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32787.798775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20311.755530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18886.799225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26816.865681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36086.249755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32787.798775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5773542                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32335.560758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27616745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5806197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.756426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7979234675000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11829.589912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.153091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.317225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   508.508779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   131.357669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6449.802607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13414.823614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.361010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.196832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.409388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1240156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       416273                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6158585                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11838319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19653333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10076721                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10076721                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13371                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               13371                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2973916                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2973916                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1240156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       416273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6158585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14812235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22627249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1240156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       416273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6158585                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14812235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22627249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       940579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2667765                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3685743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7386                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7386                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2114456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2114456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       940579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4782221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5800199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       940579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4782221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5800199                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6013681988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1221849263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87889553021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249552902354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   344677986626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59976821                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     59976821                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 196309986986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 196309986986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6013681988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1221849263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87889553021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445862889340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    540987973612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6013681988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1221849263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87889553021                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445862889340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   540987973612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1304656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7099164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14506084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23339076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10076721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10076721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20757                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20757                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5088372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5088372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1304656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7099164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19594456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28427448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1304656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7099164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19594456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28427448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.157922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355832                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.355832                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.415547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.204035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.204035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93235.379659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94724.340104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.968214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93543.810026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93516.554634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8120.338614                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8120.338614                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92841.840637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92841.840637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93235.379659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94724.340104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.968214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93233.434703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93270.588408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93235.379659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94724.340104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.968214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93233.434703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93270.588408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2660382                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2660382                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       940579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2667765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3685743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7386                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7386                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2114456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2114456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       940579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4782221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5800199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       940579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4782221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5800199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5108968572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1041529490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74626244496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211963208776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 292739951334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    578383861                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578383861                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165975948696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975948696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5108968572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1041529490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74626244496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377939157472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458715900030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5108968572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1041529490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74626244496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377939157472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458715900030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     86561691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     86561691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    197836520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    197836520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    284398211                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    284398211                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355832                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355832                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.204035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79208.815070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.979456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.751278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79453.478390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79424.949416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78308.131736                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78308.131736                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78495.815801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78495.815801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79208.815070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.979456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.751278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79030.048480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79086.234805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79208.815070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.979456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.751278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79030.048480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79086.234805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9385                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2668                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6717                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              14939470                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               479733921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              14939982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.110743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479725851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      479725851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479725851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       479725851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479725851                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      479725851                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16215212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16215212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16215212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16215212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16215212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16215212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 432990411804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 432990411804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 432990411804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 432990411804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 432990411804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 432990411804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    495941063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    495941063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    495941063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    495941063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    495941063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    495941063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26702.729006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26702.729006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26702.729006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26702.729006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26702.729006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26702.729006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8989534                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40131.848214                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1275663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1275663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1275663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1275663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1275663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1275663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14939549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14939549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14939549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14939549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14939549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14939549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 338233746969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 338233746969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 338233746969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 338233746969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 338233746969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 338233746969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22640.157810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22640.157810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22640.157810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22640.157810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22640.157810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22640.157810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2407773                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8437646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2407789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.504313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8437432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8437432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8437432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8437432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8437432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8437432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407973                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2407973                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2407973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2407973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40539997085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40539997085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40539997085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  40539997085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40539997085                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  40539997085                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10845405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10845405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10845405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     10845405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10845405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     10845405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16835.735735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16835.735735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16835.735735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16835.735735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16835.735735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16835.735735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2407973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2407973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2407973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32846828502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32846828502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32846828502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32846828502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32846828502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32846828502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.862461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.862461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.862461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.862461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.862461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.862461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30602045                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      58943450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30602061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.926127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58942895                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     58942895                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58942895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     58942895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58942895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     58942895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30610793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30610793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30610793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30610793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30610793                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30610793                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393687342648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 393687342648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393687342648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 393687342648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393687342648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 393687342648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89553688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     89553688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89553688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     89553688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89553688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     89553688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.341815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12861.063176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12861.063176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12861.063176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12861.063176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12861.063176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12861.063176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       438396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       438396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30610793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30610793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30610793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30610793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30610793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30610793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297628585156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 297628585156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297628585156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 297628585156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297628585156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 297628585156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9722.994930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9722.994930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9722.994930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9722.994930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9722.994930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9722.994930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              47780756                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               974251342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              47781268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.389818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    723365811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      723365811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    249075215                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     249075215                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    972441026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       972441026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    972441026                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      972441026                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47518149                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47518149                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19214826                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19214826                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66732975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66732975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66732975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66732975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1539742861127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1539742861127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 540141565078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 540141565078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2079884426205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2079884426205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2079884426205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2079884426205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    770883960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770883960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268290041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268290041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1039174001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1039174001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1039174001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1039174001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32403.258408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32403.258408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28110.666476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28110.666476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31167.266650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31167.266650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31167.266650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31167.266650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26727527                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         26727527                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17363080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17363080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17401007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17401007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17401007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17401007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30155069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30155069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19176899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19176899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49331968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     49331968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49331968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     49331968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 755104790078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 755104790078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467379170862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 467379170862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1222483960940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1222483960940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1222483960940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1222483960940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    101075532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101075532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    236057555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    236057555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    337133087                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    337133087                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071478                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071478                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25040.724996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25040.724996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24371.988968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24371.988968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24780.766114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24780.766114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24780.766114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24780.766114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6266148893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       587267980                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    587267980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     61863060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    424429090                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       341556635                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1933800072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3221527117                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          587267980                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    341556635                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            955485222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      321746311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          82304116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2188293230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        76966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1759421                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2230                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        495941270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29963128                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1125230                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5420030587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.044801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.492214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4480633547     82.67%     82.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        58661076      1.08%     83.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57712069      1.06%     84.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84819460      1.56%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64176825      1.18%     87.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77753170      1.43%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58166944      1.07%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65024090      1.20%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       473083406      8.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5420030587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.514116                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1999683240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2244352914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        877550179                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     40134924                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     258309330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5530137157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2179                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     258309330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2086061042                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1813113366                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     59456648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        823765428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    379324773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5371953085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2949083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55404370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    304529909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1864044                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6018753710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13536582785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13492191803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44390982                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3956126450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2062627205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3269952                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3267457                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        794749704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1044874834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    407106770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65343805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40147987                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5140110527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5584852                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4520650367                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9435863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1590947473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2360774376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2186610                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5420030587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.834064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.470695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3558153003     65.65%     65.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    695199549     12.83%     78.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    463709539      8.56%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281296860      5.19%     92.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    192521457      3.55%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126655991      2.34%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71661852      1.32%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25854423      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4977913      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5420030587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6193401     31.34%     31.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        25258      0.13%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8786068     44.45%     75.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4759432     24.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31074928      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3247226129     71.83%     72.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6870676      0.15%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    893365675     19.76%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    342112959      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4520650367                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.721440                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19764159                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14487460818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6714506411                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4378790195                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     26891706                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22879795                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12507114                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4495937480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13402118                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    100114011                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    342697797                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       842050                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       780454                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    138819812                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       221798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          673                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     258309330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1296997130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26822679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5145695379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29771757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1044874834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    407106770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5170529                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8556106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3119167                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       780454                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42287520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24035077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     66322597                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4451531906                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    871312545                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69118461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1207358049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       430104566                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         336045504                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.710410                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4404593246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4391297309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3057955756                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4732647411                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.700797                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646141                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1659364028                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3398242                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62052955                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5162428790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.675743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.716948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4061359842     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    392248817      7.60%     86.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168522080      3.26%     89.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205984368      3.99%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76467679      1.48%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45558656      0.88%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33833875      0.66%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23066401      0.45%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155387072      3.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5162428790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999760568                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3488474710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970464020                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            702177044                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183072                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367209357                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10033322                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3466760115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155387072                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10154035985                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10555023468                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16849107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              846118306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999760568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3488474710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999760568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.133450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.133450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.319137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.319137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8666009262                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4886072630                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11892673                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9076774                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2145422278                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3124522                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74375752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12527698                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87161914                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74375752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74375752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9080198                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10314462                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9296969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1949724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11278773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1222659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1241980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        84140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        37412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           35643999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6003802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              41771668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      35643999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         35643999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       590856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4351614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4943125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       592010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        84140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        37412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          35643999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10355416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             46714793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9385                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6717                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2668                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6265437490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7070227                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13163171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13108706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1027093                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13108706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          34007874                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15056083                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3179608                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1954141                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1225467                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6250046200.519918                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15391289.480082                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002457                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997543                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
