
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  81342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144767                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44779134                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529820                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        942939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425467082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              974471022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425467082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         426125360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425467082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1279912063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.519090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367569000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.519090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250136824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250136824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251069824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251069824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251069824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251069824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177653.994318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177653.994318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1636100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9915.757576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233832284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233832284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233832284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233832284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165606.380682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165606.380682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           112                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1837.044762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.241071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           67.781823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.391939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.725540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.416486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    502.485436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          558                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             531                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  531                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          649                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202002884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85823067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291710841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24049631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24049631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202002884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109872698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315760472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202002884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109872698                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315760472                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.352816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.720859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.367215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.367215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105109.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103062.695918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105046.593635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103260.474690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103217.300429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102338.855319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105109.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103062.695918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104640.664762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103189.696732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105109.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103062.695918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104640.664762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103189.696732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3089302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191180933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81348701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276212424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22757431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22757431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3089302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191180933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104106132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298969855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3089302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191180933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104106132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298969855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11322287                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11322287                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99654.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97541.292347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99570.013464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98156.511727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97671.377682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97671.377682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99654.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97541.292347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99148.697143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98119.414178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99654.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97541.292347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99148.697143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98119.414178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1807.817947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.881729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.830545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1247.211266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    519.650621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2799                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184279719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78433168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266268477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21974531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21974531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184279719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100407699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288243008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184279719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100407699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288243008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96209.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95038.534812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96592.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95129.859593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94311.291845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93508.642553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96209.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95038.534812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96083.922488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.287409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96209.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95038.534812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96083.922488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.287409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2553002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157016532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67072421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227130955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18658243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18658243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2553002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157016532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85730664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245789198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2553002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157016532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85730664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245789198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82354.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80978.097989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82601.503695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81467.343974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80078.296137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80078.296137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82354.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80978.097989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82038.912919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81360.211188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82354.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80978.097989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82038.912919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81360.211188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3614                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.189989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.474543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001534956000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.824229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   435.365760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.850324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.851934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295163350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295163350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295163350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    295163350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295163350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    295163350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61199.118806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.075425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61199.118806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.075425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61199.118806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.075425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228310928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228310928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228310928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228310928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228310928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228310928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55361.524733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55361.524733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           94                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.433449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.468085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.257794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.175655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.635978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.652091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1980948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1980948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1980948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1980948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1980948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1980948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19232.504854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18688.188679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19232.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18688.188679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19232.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18688.188679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1662400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1662400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1662400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16139.805825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16139.805825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2381                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.866361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.078538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.820479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32088058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32088058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32088058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32088058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32088058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32088058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.890788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.890788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.890788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13414.739967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13381.175146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13414.739967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13381.175146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13414.739967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13381.175146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24746293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24746293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24746293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24746293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24746293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24746293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10345.440217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10345.440217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1210                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               362.039722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   31358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.915702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.304360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   360.735362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.704561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.707109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15619                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15622                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45046                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2559                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          339                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194658502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194658502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27701640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27701640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222360142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222360142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222360142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222360142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76127.689480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76068.191481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82200.712166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81715.752212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76834.879751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76728.827467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76834.879751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76728.827467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95203097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95203097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25631118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25631118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120834215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120834215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120834215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120834215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11774787                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11774787                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020431                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69188.297238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69188.297238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78623.061350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78623.061350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778267                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41321                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41321                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31512                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16648                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                195722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58013                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        148251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          462                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             36                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.895961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.369570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          350049     86.03%     86.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2732      0.67%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2052      0.50%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2899      0.71%     87.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4623      1.14%     89.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4168      1.02%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5488      1.35%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2232      0.55%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32642      8.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053094                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.251484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          177631                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       155928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18552                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        350916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18552                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          182141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58029                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        334173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          146                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       369749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       832309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       832219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          137580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          988                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            311126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1698                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277731                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1557                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          856                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.682579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       303400     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34480      8.47%     83.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21802      5.36%     88.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17601      4.33%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12228      3.01%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9092      2.23%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5904      1.45%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1976      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          402      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            653     46.88%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           389     27.93%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          351     25.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3024      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215470     77.58%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38282     13.78%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20945      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277731                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.356858                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1393                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       966150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       413527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265071                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        276086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4382                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15628                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8361                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18552                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          944                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       312824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           531                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          150                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1255                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       270104                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36447                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56433                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27941                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19986                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.347058                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265843                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265080                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           175026                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277876                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340603                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629871                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.481368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       319912     82.37%     82.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24745      6.37%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12637      3.25%     91.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10554      2.72%     94.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6294      1.62%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3466      0.89%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1837      0.47%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2483      0.64%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6476      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111493                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43455                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27454                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22785                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           202547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              694616                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             644318                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 371382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97586                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.980411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.980411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          524539                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291374                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117080                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           680                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097087                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97087175640                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15098920139826                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44197                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80606                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47774161                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2032.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89817814                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163808945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1131072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6080000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19489920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28539072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6080000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6080000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11902912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11902912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        95000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       304530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               445923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185983                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185983                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     17002122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11650066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1129212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62624131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    200746596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              293953056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62624131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62624131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        122600250                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             122600250                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        122600250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     17002122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11650066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1129212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62624131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    200746596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             416553306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44914                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.870362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.769645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.100717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.298103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.631295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.929398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             59                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                59                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43598                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125527886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143142886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4561253760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1703754000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6265007760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4578868760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1829281886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6408150646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4578868760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1829281886                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6408150646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.978976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43493.827160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58222.581633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55893.356501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175974.296296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96377.078855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143699.430249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173936.135233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92229.599980                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138827.761563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173936.135233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92229.599980                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138827.761563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     31749500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11058.690352                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42986                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42986                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12513500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98870100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111383600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4248878236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1490347801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5739226037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4261391736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1589217901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5850609637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4261391736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1589217901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5850609637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999774                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30897.530864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45858.116883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43492.229598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163922.771451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84305.226892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131639.663218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161876.229288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 80125.940355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126749.055157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161876.229288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 80125.940355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126749.055157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1249610                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4038.665901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2755409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1253644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.197920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15037868167817                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          909.010620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.129078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.239916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.030781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.318817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    37.498238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1641.012121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1371.426331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.221926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.400638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.334821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53862                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       747152                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       820307                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2007882                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          922897                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               922897                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35895                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               35895                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                78471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       747152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       898778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2086353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53862                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       747152                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       898778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2086353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12091                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556187                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       477809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1064027                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       177731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             177731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       655540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1241758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17940                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       655540                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1241758                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545219196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    369259753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19964847457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26521827593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47401153999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201615219                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    201615219                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13105869231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13105869231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545219196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    369259753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19964847457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39627696824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     60507023230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545219196                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    369259753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19964847457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39627696824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    60507023230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       404501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1303339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1298116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3071909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       922897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           922897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40052                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40052                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       256202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           256202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       404501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1303339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1554318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3328111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       404501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1303339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1554318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3328111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.346373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103790                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.103790                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.693714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.373112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.373112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30391.259532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30540.050699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35895.926113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55507.174610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44548.826298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48500.172961                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48500.172961                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73739.917240                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73739.917240                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30391.259532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30540.050699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35895.926113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60450.463471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48726.904300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30391.259532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30540.050699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35895.926113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60450.463471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48726.904300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              333308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   333308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       477809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1063981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       177731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        177731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       655540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1241712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       655540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1241712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    447118812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    302401196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16823377494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23878146995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41451044497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299112792                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299112792                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12114717228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12114717228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    447118812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    302401196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16823377494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35992864223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53565761725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    447118812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    302401196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16823377494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35992864223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53565761725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    256722804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    256722804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413765017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413765017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    670487821                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    670487821                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103790                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103790                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.693714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.183009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24950.826562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25053.951616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30247.971876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49974.251207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38958.444274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71954.003368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71954.003368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68163.219855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68163.219855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24950.826562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25053.951616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30247.971876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54905.672000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43138.635791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24950.826562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25053.951616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30247.971876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54905.672000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43138.635791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        375222                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30758.870784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          994233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        407366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.440638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8650.552401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.500988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.556049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.320760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.235161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.916049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    89.141535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9546.779319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12323.868522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.263994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.291345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.376095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.938686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10855                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       461179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       284377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 772618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          333308                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               333308                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          889                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 889                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        64529                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                64529                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       461179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       348906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  837147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16207                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10855                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       461179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       348906                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 837147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95003                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193432                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               291363                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3725                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3725                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                404108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306177                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               404108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160531747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113890362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8882188183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18046881673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27203491965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100958603                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    100958603                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10657795438                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10657795438                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160531747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113890362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8882188183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28704677111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37861287403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160531747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113890362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8882188183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28704677111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37861287403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       477809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1063981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       333308                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           333308                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       177274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           177274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       655083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1241255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       655083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1241255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807326                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.807326                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.635993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.635993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.325564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.325564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93713.804437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93736.923457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93493.765281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93298.325370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93366.322989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27102.980671                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27102.980671                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94530.093911                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94530.093911                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93713.804437                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93736.923457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93493.765281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93751.905306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93691.011816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93713.804437                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93736.923457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93493.765281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93751.905306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93691.011816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              143001                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   143001                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          291363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3725                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3725                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           404108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          404108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136523929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96842504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7543296273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15325413968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23102076674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264922319                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264922319                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9059580683                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059580683                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136523929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96842504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7543296273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24384994651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32161657357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136523929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96842504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7543296273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24384994651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32161657357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    228993736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    228993736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    369138529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    369138529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    598132265                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    598132265                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807326                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807326                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.635993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.635993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.325564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79698.732633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.764609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79400.611275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79228.948509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79289.671901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71120.085638                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71120.085638                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80354.611584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80354.611584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79698.732633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.764609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79400.611275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79643.456729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79586.787089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79698.732633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.764609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79400.611275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79643.456729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79586.787089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                87469678                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12370                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2477361                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 84992317                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4450                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7921                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 495                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1303338                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12075205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1303850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.261192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12069874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12069874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12069874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12069874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12069874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12069874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1452698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1452698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1452698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37255166322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37255166322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37255166322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37255166322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37255166322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37255166322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13522572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13522572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13522572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13522572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13522572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13522572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25645.499837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25645.499837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25645.499837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25645.499837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25645.499837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25645.499837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5196690                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33312.115385                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       149353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       149353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       149353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1303345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1303345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1303345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1303345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1303345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1303345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27742469644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27742469644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27742469644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27742469644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27742469644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27742469644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21285.591800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21285.591800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21285.591800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21285.591800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21285.591800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21285.591800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        67461                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.686231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        346009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        67476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.127883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002270244300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.686231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       345465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       345465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       345465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70617                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70617                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70617                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70617                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1162610201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1162610201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1162610201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1162610201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1162610201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1162610201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       416082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       416082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       416082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       416082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       416082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       416082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16463.602263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16463.602263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16463.602263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16463.602263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16463.602263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16463.602263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8044                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8044                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    932414479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932414479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    932414479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932414479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    932414479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932414479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13203.824561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13203.824561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13203.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13203.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13203.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13203.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       412798                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.888017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1776599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       412814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.303631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.888017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.993001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.993001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1775816                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1775816                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1775816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1775816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1775816                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1775816                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       415935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       415935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       415935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6136511124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6136511124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6136511124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6136511124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6136511124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6136511124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2191751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2191751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2191751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2191751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2191751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2191751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14753.533903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14753.533903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14753.533903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14753.533903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14753.533903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14753.533903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       125432                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       125432                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       415935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       415935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4800743504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4800743504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4800743504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4800743504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4800743504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4800743504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11542.052253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11542.052253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11542.052253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11542.052253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11542.052253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11542.052253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1554958                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.710850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24504952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1555470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.754050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.710850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15654968                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15654968                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8799363                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8799363                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24454331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24454331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24454331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24454331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2258585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2258585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       298717                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       298717                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2557302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2557302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2557302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2557302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92564488771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92564488771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16031891946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16031891946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108596380717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108596380717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108596380717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108596380717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17913553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17913553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9098080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9098080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27011633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27011633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27011633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27011633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40983.398354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40983.398354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53669.164949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53669.164949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42465.215574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42465.215574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42465.215574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42465.215574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       789421                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           789421                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       957969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       957969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       961367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       961367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       961367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       961367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1300616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1300616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       295319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1595935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1595935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1595935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1595935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38233133549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38233133549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14839240249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14839240249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53072373798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53072373798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53072373798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53072373798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    267919943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    267919943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430254943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430254943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    698174886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    698174886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29396.173466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29396.173466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50248.173159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50248.173159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33254.721400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33254.721400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33254.721400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33254.721400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               244287700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18723073                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18723073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2062860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14523849                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10255005                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66926047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88124469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18723073                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10255005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27563255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8471508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2077633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92336148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        43575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       295663                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1142                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13522688                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1308780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          30965                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    195490035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.822708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.249730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       168824204     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1564130      0.80%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1556798      0.80%     87.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2431939      1.24%     89.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2235201      1.14%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1837502      0.94%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1841464      0.94%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1909832      0.98%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13288965      6.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    195490035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076644                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.360741                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        69550876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     93739026                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24534510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1419051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6246572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156614334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6246572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        71854556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       70018737                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14123893                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23492662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9753615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     151941692                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       136030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2687933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5970935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       229690                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170446120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395100183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393420709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1679474                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123121324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47324918                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       419750                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       420046                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21494702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25075875                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12118110                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3646207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2204232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145356330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       511089                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132825246                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       404312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35160069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54940388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       167827                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    195490035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.679448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.330732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    138708028     70.95%     70.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21825438     11.16%     82.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14951296      7.65%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8223542      4.21%     93.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5883363      3.01%     96.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3287879      1.68%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919389      0.98%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       591391      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        99709      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    195490035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         302954     44.82%     44.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     44.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     44.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6312      0.93%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        242102     35.82%     81.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124505     18.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       884162      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97541286     73.44%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       427618      0.32%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22890515     17.23%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11081665      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132825246                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.543725                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             675873                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005088                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    461742973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180222394                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128547312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1113608                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       889558                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       515322                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132062206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         554751                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4380945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6331675                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        38960                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        89864                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3018229                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23973                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6246572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51106091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       761660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145867419                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1308710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25075875                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12118110                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       484184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        351121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        29264                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        89864                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1277553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2269013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130580749                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22312613                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2244497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33183438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14228793                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10870825                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.534537                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129329968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129062634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87721249                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141788546                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.528322                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618677                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37444012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2100019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    189291202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.572752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.617453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    154436129     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13962089      7.38%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4990286      2.64%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5540623      2.93%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2253915      1.19%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1256019      0.66%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       714488      0.38%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       831465      0.44%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5306188      2.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    189291202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60128570                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108416972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27844099                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18744214                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10427                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12557523                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107870917                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5306188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           329710972                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          297997475                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 978966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48797665                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            47265257                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60128570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108416972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60128570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.062756                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.062756                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.246138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.246138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       264968205                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      142939471                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           849012                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          442134                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63390353                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392336                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2104728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       367056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302842216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49069260                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355417932                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302842216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302842216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34164449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42066418                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        45882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37855277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7768473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45951874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4686636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4811075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       157137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10500007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21678744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3780685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3119281347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          505414435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3660812354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3119281347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3119281347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80876099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            514352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         351894560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            433285011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     81033236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11014359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21678744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3780685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3119281347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         857308995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4094097365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               87469678                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12370                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                84992317                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2477361                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7921                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4450                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                278                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      291553726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28621777                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53502054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53068456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4485131                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53068456                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137633659                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60227473                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12439987                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7762067                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4677920                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             228814066.038484                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62739659.961516                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.215191                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.784809                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
