
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64112                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114122                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35246315                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530536                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        944380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    231713893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              978201265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427222490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    231713893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1283642305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.574532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001366588000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.574532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.598408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.598408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246971824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246971824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247917824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247917824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247917824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247917824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175406.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175406.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173369.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173369.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173369.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173369.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1675100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10152.121212                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       667300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       667300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230005200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230005200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230672500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230672500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230672500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230672500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30331.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30331.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163355.965909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163355.965909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161309.440559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161309.440559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161309.440559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161309.440559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           111                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1847.888577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.126126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           70.054569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.320155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.530579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.247763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1233.167423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    506.568141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.451145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          550                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             523                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  523                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3077                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3233686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202707874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87040299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293608522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24128896                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24128896                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3233686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202707874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111169195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317737418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3233686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626663                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202707874                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111169195                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317737418                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          308                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              310                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.046512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.524000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.375082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.758065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.046512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.524000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.390136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.046512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.524000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.390136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104312.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104443.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103159.223410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104994.329312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103310.528501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103557.493562                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102676.153191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104312.451613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104443.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103159.223410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.091337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103262.079298                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104312.451613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104443.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103159.223410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.091337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103262.079298                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3063986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191858593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82501883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278018125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94764                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94764                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22837896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22837896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3063986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191858593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105339779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300856021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3063986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191858593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105339779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300856021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325119                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325119                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.524000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.524000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.388487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.524000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98838.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98943.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97637.960814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99519.762364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98204.918757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94764                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94764                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98016.721030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98016.721030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98838.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98943.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97637.960814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99189.999058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98190.607376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98838.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98943.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97637.960814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99189.999058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98190.607376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1815.528141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.482586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.008080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.248053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1252.244253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    522.545263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1057                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2955686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184937673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79557131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268023753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22048897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22048897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2955686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184937673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101606028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290072650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2955686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184937673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101606028                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290072650                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95344.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95543.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.547840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96549.916262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95178.889560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94630.459227                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93825.093617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95344.709677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95543.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.547840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96126.800378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95074.614880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95344.709677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95543.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.547840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96126.800378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95074.614880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2525586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157618415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68063056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228696252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18735209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18735209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2525586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157618415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86798265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247431461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2525586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157618415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86798265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247431461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81470.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81532.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81079.431584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82600.796117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81531.640642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80408.622318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80408.622318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81470.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81532.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81079.431584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82117.563860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81445.510533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81470.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81532.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81079.431584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82117.563860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81445.510533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3241                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.651969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.089479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369965300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.032883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.619086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4426                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291078848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291078848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291078848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291078848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291078848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291078848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65765.668324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65721.121698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65765.668324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65721.121698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65765.668324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65721.121698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225345833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225345833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225345833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225345833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225345833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225345833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60092.222133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60092.222133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60092.222133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60092.222133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60092.222133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60092.222133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.743237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.890756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.255101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.488135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.671452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2510617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2510617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2510617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2510617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2510617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2510617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.373938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.373938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.373938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19462.147287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19019.825758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19462.147287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19019.825758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19462.147287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19019.825758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2110959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2110959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2110959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16364.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16364.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16364.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16364.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16364.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16364.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2297                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.875836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.088376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.830023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2313                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2313                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31012444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31012444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31012444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31012444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31012444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31012444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13442.758561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13407.887592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13442.758561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13407.887592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13442.758561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13407.887592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23917686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23917686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23917686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23917686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23917686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23917686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10367.440832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10367.440832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10367.440832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10367.440832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10367.440832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10367.440832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1198                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               364.557129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.036728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.640575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   362.916554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.708821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.712026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15754                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15757                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2591                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          323                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197551366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    197551366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27567088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27567088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225118454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225118454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225118454                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225118454                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019969                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76304.119737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76245.220378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85878.778816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85347.021672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77360.293471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77254.102265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77360.293471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77254.102265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          523                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              523                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95955132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95955132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25593576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25593576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121548708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121548708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121548708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121548708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11778007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11778007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019409                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69583.126904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69583.126904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82030.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82030.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71879.780012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71879.780012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71879.780012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71879.780012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41907                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30473                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16794                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                198366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16794                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58803                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        153801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          326                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             45                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       409598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.900759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.375676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          352025     85.94%     85.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2808      0.69%     86.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2159      0.53%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3004      0.73%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4631      1.13%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4099      1.00%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5467      1.33%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2250      0.55%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33155      8.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       409598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.254764                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174146                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       161456                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            52109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        354699                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          84649                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        337139                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       373193                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       840135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       840045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       233717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          139438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            313659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           280549                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       101655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       149090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          809                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       409598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.684937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.450356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       305719     74.64%     74.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34241      8.36%     83.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21792      5.32%     88.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17727      4.33%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12396      3.03%     95.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9274      2.26%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5965      1.46%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2073      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          411      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       409598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            680     46.61%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           412     28.24%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          367     25.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3056      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       217610     77.57%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38701     13.79%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21172      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        280549                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.360312                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1459                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005201                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       974418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       417081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       267480                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        278938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4438                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15837                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8411                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          72151                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          989                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       315326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           583                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6265                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       272510                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36776                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28130                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20152                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.349987                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                268232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               267489                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176590                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           280285                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.343539                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630037                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109350                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          858                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6473                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       391078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.483621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       322306     82.41%     82.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24737      6.33%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12721      3.25%     91.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10594      2.71%     94.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6314      1.61%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3469      0.89%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1877      0.48%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2465      0.63%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6595      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       391078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       112209                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        205839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43830                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27710                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22954                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           203988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6595                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              699532                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             649200                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 369030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97225                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             112209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               205839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       112209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.939087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.939087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.144111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.144111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          529181                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         294028                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         118028                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           704                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092579                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92578595067                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15094411559253                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33953072                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2726.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    85591963                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     156322977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1974208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            81536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       105920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        75520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5556608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18046784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            25840576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5556608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5556608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10143296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10143296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        86822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       281981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               403759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         158489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              158489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     21324670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              880722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1144109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       815739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60020440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    194934736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              279120416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60020440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60020440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        109564160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             109564160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        109564160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     21324670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             880722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1144109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       815739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60020440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    194934736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             388684576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48706                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.979966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.907501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.072465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.306719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.629529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.936248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            989                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               989                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16231                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16716                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1540                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32580                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1784334684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1805302684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5470801120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    129688000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5600489120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5491769120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1914022684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7405791804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5491769120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1914022684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7405791804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43232.989691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109933.749245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107998.485523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176250.036082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 84212.987013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171899.604665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174203.619984                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107704.838445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150231.089825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174203.619984                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107704.838445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150231.089825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     53289100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9841.015697                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32198                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32198                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14885500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1588958584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1603844084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5096737772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    110873400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5207611172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5111623272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1699831984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6811455256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5111623272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1699831984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6811455256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30691.752577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97896.530343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95946.642977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164199.026160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71995.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159840.735789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162145.068105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95652.016431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138174.603538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162145.068105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95652.016431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138174.603538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1164662                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4039.748324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2383663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1168659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.039657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15020752797300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          940.901488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.135715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.253227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.013082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    81.787175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    34.875319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1585.948561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1395.829715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.229712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.387194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.340779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       491821                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       780189                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1689779                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          854580                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               854580                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33061                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               33061                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68506                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                68506                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       491821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       848695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1758285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       491821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       848695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1758285                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       447762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               994235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       164394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             164394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       612156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1158629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10751                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       612156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1158629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    559318114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    336620946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18530898970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24982691777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    44409529807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210944759                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    210944759                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12978444224                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12978444224                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    559318114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    336620946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18530898970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37961136001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     57387974031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    559318114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    336620946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18530898970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37961136001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    57387974031                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       388880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1008947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1227951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2684014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       854580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           854580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37047                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           37047                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       232900                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           232900                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       388880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1008947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1460851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2916914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       388880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1008947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1460851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2916914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.370428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.107593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.705857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.397211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.397211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30077.334588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31310.663752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35834.398135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55794.577872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44667.035265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52921.414701                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52921.414701                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78947.189216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78947.189216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30077.334588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31310.663752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35834.398135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62012.192972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49530.931844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30077.334588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31310.663752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35834.398135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62012.192972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49530.931844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              297904                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   297904                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       447762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          994197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       164394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        164394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       612156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1158591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       612156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1158591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    457709057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    277366999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15610752235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22509599058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38855427349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    295634203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295634203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12063344014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12063344014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    457709057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    277366999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15610752235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34572943072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50918771363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    457709057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    277366999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15610752235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34572943072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50918771363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    190508530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    190508530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    304518731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    304518731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    495027261                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    495027261                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.397198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24635.828462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25840.040898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30187.754988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50271.347408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39082.221480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74168.139237                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74168.139237                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73380.683078                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73380.683078                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24635.828462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25840.040898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30187.754988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56477.340861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43948.875283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24635.828462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25840.040898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30187.754988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56477.340861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43948.875283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        344490                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30542.105901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          919897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        376710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.441923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7910.061149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.574247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.394670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.020974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.286913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   162.930275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    97.825037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9556.416043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12811.596592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.241396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.291639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.390979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.932071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16924                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       430297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       265353                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 722128                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          297904                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               297904                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          869                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 869                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        49454                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                49454                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       430297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       314807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  771582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       430297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       314807                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 771582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        86825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       182409                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               272069                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4747                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4747                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        86825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       295719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                385379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        86825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       295719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               385379                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155501163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    110577802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8121121391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17010058769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    25397259125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109911775                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    109911775                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10713903366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10713903366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155501163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    110577802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8121121391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27723962135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     36111162491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155501163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    110577802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8121121391                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27723962135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    36111162491                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       517122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       447762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             994197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       297904                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           297904                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5616                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5616                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       162764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           162764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       517122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       610526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1156961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       517122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       610526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1156961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845264                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.845264                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.696161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.333096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.333096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93958.406647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93710.001695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93534.366726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93252.299881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93348.595853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23153.944597                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23153.944597                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94553.908446                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94553.908446                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93958.406647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93710.001695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93534.366726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93751.034377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93702.984571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93958.406647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93710.001695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93534.366726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93751.034377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93702.984571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              126291                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   126291                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        86825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       182409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          272069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4747                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4747                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        86825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           385379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        86825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          385379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132299286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94019671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6897856112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14443112598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21567287667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    355379465                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355379465                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9105804477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9105804477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132299286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94019671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6897856112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23548917075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30673092144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132299286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94019671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6897856112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23548917075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30673092144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    168410217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    168410217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    269580759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269580759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    437990976                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    437990976                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845264                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845264                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.333096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79939.145619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79677.687288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.506617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79179.824449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79271.389489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74864.012008                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74864.012008                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80361.878713                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80361.878713                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79939.145619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79677.687288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.506617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79632.749587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79592.017583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79939.145619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79677.687288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.506617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79632.749587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79592.017583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                91734639                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12973                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 89116496                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2618143                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8231                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4742                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 296                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1008948                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11118167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1009460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.013975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11110199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11110199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11110199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11110199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11110199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11110199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1138391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1138391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1138391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1138391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1138391                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1138391                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31975772095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31975772095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31975772095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  31975772095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31975772095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  31975772095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12248590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12248590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12248590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12248590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12248590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12248590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28088.567193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28088.567193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28088.567193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28088.567193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28088.567193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28088.567193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4124404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32995.232000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       129437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       129437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       129437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       129437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       129437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1008954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1008954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1008954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1008954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1008954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1008954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24026110284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24026110284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24026110284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24026110284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24026110284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24026110284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23812.889670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23812.889670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23812.889670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23812.889670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23812.889670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23812.889670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59635                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.691978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        306548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.139111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002265315300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.691978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       306115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       306115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       306115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       306115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       306115                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       306115                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1025479342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1025479342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1025479342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025479342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1025479342                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025479342                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       368893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       368893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       368893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16335.011342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16335.011342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16335.011342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16335.011342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16335.011342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16335.011342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6672                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6672                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    820524668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820524668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    820524668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820524668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    820524668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    820524668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13070.258180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13070.258180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13070.258180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13070.258180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13070.258180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13070.258180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       397487                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.834108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1705162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       397503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.289683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.834108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.989632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.989632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1704553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1704553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1704553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1704553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1704553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1704553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       400641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       400641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400641                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       400641                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5804432543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5804432543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5804432543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5804432543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5804432543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5804432543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2105194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2105194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2105194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2105194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2105194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2105194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14487.864555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14487.864555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14487.864555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14487.864555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14487.864555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14487.864555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       111292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       111292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       400641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       400641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       400641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4516252884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4516252884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4516252884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4516252884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4516252884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4516252884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11272.567920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11272.567920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11272.567920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11272.567920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11272.567920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11272.567920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1461779                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.625869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21879323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1462291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.962359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.625869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14099378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14099378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7732409                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7732409                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21831787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21831787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21831787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21831787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2087476                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2087476                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       272129                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       272129                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2359605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2359605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2359605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2359605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86135738506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86135738506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15584820679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15584820679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101720559185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 101720559185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101720559185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 101720559185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16186854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16186854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8004538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8004538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24191392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24191392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24191392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24191392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033997                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033997                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41263.103627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41263.103627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57269.973722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57269.973722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43109.147160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43109.147160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43109.147160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43109.147160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       736616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           736616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       857144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       857144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       860191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       860191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       860191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       860191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1230332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1230332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       269082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       269082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1499414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1499414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1499414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1499414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35827012210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35827012210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14494293905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14494293905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50321306115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50321306115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50321306115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50321306115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    199048861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    199048861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    316897680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    316897680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    515946541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    515946541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29119.792227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29119.792227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53865.713444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53865.713444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33560.648437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33560.648437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33560.648437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33560.648437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               224428293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17243974                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17243974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1862226                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13207702                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9398892                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     57270716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80095291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17243974                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9398892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25148488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7728947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1849850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89553813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        21113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       274876                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          967                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12248682                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1136491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          26780                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179841868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.813672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.237064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       155522364     86.48%     86.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1424962      0.79%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1455203      0.81%     88.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2182014      1.21%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2111083      1.17%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1679180      0.93%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1715991      0.95%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1693832      0.94%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12057239      6.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179841868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076835                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.356886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        59862769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     90610998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22277286                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1368770                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5722045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     142312338                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          408                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5722045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        62014571                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       68867746                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12607639                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21321766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9308101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     137937161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       129095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2708001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5591815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       195952                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    155414912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    359297911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    357638144                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1659767                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    111522610                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43892423                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       384209                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       384578                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20204507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22543685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10671693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3161166                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1984979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         131839459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       467666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        120197223                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       365442                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32414118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50958282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       157248                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179841868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.668350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    128402292     71.40%     71.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19727880     10.97%     82.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13653589      7.59%     89.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7406918      4.12%     94.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5361008      2.98%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2961642      1.65%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1701721      0.95%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       535701      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        91117      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179841868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         265722     45.06%     45.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6342      1.08%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        213329     36.18%     82.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       104253     17.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       847074      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88638730     73.74%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421778      0.35%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20528158     17.08%     91.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9761483      8.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     120197223                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.535571                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             589646                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    420709443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163904787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116298122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1089537                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       888365                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504344                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     119397033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542762                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3808437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5736551                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32854                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        76392                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2666132                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21064                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5722045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51135562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       758737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132307125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1225513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22543685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10671693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       442212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        349159                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        27619                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        76392                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       900726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2049409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118145983                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20004025                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2051240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29581536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13016873                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9577511                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.526431                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             117040354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            116802466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         79402467                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        128885703                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.520444                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616069                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34447441                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       310418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1896784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174163741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.561848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.603024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    142710516     81.94%     81.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12605752      7.24%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4437587      2.55%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020878      2.88%     94.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2074596      1.19%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1160389      0.67%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628835      0.36%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       764840      0.44%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4760348      2.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174163741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54260732                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      97853563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              24812713                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16807148                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9469                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11483661                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399854                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         97329687                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4760348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301575608                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          270351468                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 854097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               44586425                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            53585209                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           54260732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             97853563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     54260732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.136109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.136109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.241773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.241773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       239966375                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      129767724                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           834236                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          435766                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57252237                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        358600                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2114320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       369664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320214016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52400674                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375166292                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320214016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320214016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36465452                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45370865                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40026752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8262642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48604021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5009685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5150055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       164444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             565941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22838109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3992975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3458834256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          566012845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4052408569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3458834256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3458834256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     84814767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11378235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         393886427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            490079429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     84979211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11944176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22838109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3992975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3458834256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         959899272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4542487998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               91734639                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12973                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2618143                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                89116496                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4742                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8231                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                441                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      278014332                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30262365                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56576791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56138097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380896                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4680232                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56138097                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380896                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145395871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63606812                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13265748                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8263468                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5002280                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             211668829.733214                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66345502.266786                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.238641                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.761359                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
