
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54463                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    97114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29683587                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535815                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              301312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    275476652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1031777308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466798145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    275476652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1294981332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.689037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614229000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.689037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221153848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    221153848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221980848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    221980848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221980848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    221980848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181869.940789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181869.940789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1273600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9575.939850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       584200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       584200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    206510068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206510068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207094268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207094268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207094268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207094268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169827.358553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169827.358553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           279                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1847.244877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.379928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          128.325652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.941364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.565983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.338953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.042121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1170.388232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    499.642684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.031330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.121983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1054                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1054                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5466                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101693706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335958391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32753972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32753972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134447678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368712363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134447678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368712363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.378473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.656250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.030430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104076.329306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104312.012739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103980.863492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106114.978690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104067.841660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106114.978690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104067.841660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96473275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318241655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31012072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31012072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127485347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349253727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127485347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349253727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3188036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3188036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101231.138510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98955.738495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98764.560510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98764.560510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100619.847672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98938.732861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100619.847672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98938.732861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1783.861323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.306905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.427669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.117305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1201.397786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    529.611793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     49                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3493                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93043944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306635691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29866808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29866808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122910752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336502499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122910752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336502499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98459.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96456.650204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95421.111821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95117.222930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97703.300477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96336.243630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97703.300477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96336.243630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79863336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262260466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25416015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25416015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105279351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287676481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105279351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287676481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2837916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2837916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9154416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9154416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84511.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82810.377644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81201.325879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81201.325879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.655460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.655460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3319                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.805305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.726424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617288300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.300625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.504680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26097                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          112                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.991878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.151786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749479300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.857328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.678583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.686992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2613                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.912965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.253349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619325300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.091708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2164                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               222.780548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   43414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.061922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598715369000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   222.279373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.868279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.870237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17251                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17252                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        47940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           47941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        47940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          47941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          498                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    226491033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226491033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38150170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38150170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264641203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    264641203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264641203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264641203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66148.082068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66128.768759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76606.767068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76453.246493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67476.084396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.692915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67476.084396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.692915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1054                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1054                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117188874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117188874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35359747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35359747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152548621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152548621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152548621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152548621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3328474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3328474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60375.514683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60375.514683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73057.328512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73057.328512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44806                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33492                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18101                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44806                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          301                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             69                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       458557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.865153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.335760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          396677     86.51%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2843      0.62%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2535      0.55%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3474      0.76%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5004      1.09%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3809      0.83%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5808      1.27%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2778      0.61%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35629      7.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       458557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243261                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13906                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          135                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398583                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904227                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47546                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336121                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297802                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       169404                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       458557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.649433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.418245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       347346     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37392      8.15%     83.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23807      5.19%     89.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18250      3.98%     93.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12994      2.83%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9699      2.12%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6370      1.39%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2237      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          462      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       458557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            705     46.88%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           412     27.39%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3239      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229501     77.06%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41544     13.95%     92.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23508      7.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297802                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339651                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1504                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005050                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1058514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450620                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18073                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          185                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9856                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47546                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1371                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          185                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289205                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39404                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29720                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22429                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329846                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186613                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296726                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323841                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628907                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       437836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       364294     83.20%     83.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27191      6.21%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13536      3.09%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11523      2.63%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6726      1.54%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3380      0.77%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1912      0.44%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2719      0.62%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6555      1.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       437836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117138                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47238                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29441                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23878                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213667                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              768912                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696607                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 418231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.485086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.485086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          559930                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309478                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126995                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.208143                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3208143387258                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10807206540768                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25849                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45046                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               27565616                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5290148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                116382.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3008332354                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5242523846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1779200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7289472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     96806528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    482043904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           589267008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     96806528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       96806528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    265451392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        265451392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        27800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1512602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7531936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9207297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4147678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4147678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       554589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2272178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       418954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30175250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    150256346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              183678513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30175250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30175250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         82742995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              82742995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         82742995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       554589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2272178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       418954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30175250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    150256346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             266421508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28409                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.973252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         34                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.824361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.148891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.989023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.009306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27904                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          27979                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            28456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28336                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           28456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2153540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19971540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4971325512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5861000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4977186512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4989143512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      8014540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4997158052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4989143512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      8014540                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4997158052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           58                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           80                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          28474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         28474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.775862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.973469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.937500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41245.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47856.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41869.056604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178158.167718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78146.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177890.078702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176070.846697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66787.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175609.996205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176070.846697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66787.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175609.996205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     33405200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10635.211716                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          27953                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               27953                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12553600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1595800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14149400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4635078396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4941400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4640019796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4647631996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6537200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4654169196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4647631996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6537200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4654169196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.775862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29059.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35462.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29663.312369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166108.027380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65885.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165839.372243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164018.633399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54476.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163556.690891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164018.633399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54476.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163556.690891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          436                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1785856                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          436                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29782756                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4045.117758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       167297410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29786840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.616487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627344156104                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1020.691295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.003885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.009477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   149.850633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.585300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    901.668006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1925.309163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.249192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.220134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.470046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.987578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48158149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4014837                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16799682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     57137180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              126109848                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        46701589                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             46701589                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1468736                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1468736                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16129985                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             16129985                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48158149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4014837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16799682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     73267165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               142239833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48158149                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4014837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16799682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     73267165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              142239833                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665857                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6872835                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16498233                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24257305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9835                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9835                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5519261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5519261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6872835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22017494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29776566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665857                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6872835                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22017494                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29776566                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23626608897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6566082514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 271696876490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 717514486632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1019404054533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    360561894                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    360561894                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 373204841937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 373204841937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23626608897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6566082514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 271696876490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1090719328569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1392608896470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23626608897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6566082514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 271696876490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1090719328569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1392608896470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48824006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23672517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     73635413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          150367153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     46701589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         46701589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1478571                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1478571                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21649246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         21649246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48824006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23672517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     95284659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           172016399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48824006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23672517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     95284659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          172016399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.161321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006652                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.006652                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.254940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35483.007458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29794.366612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39531.994656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43490.383887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42024.621224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36661.097509                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36661.097509                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67618.625381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67618.625381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35483.007458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29794.366612                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39531.994656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49538.758978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46768.619876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35483.007458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29794.366612                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39531.994656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49538.758978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46768.619876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11107942                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11107942                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6872823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16498153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24257082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9835                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9835                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5519261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5519261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6872823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22017414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29776343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6872823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22017414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29776343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20006555227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5346663669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232844376965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625370722545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 883568318406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    805442681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805442681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 342365036648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 342365036648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20006555227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5346663669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232844376965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 967735759193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1225933355054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20006555227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5346663669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232844376965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 967735759193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1225933355054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    150915975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    150915975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    368421916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    368421916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    519337891                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    519337891                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30048.941538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24269.150181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33879.000953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37905.499030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36425.169293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81895.544586                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81895.544586                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62030.956073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62030.956073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30048.941538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24269.150181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33879.000953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43953.198100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41171.387469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30048.941538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24269.150181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33879.000953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43953.198100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41171.387469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9153811                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32237.489934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26183421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9186388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.850241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628827455164                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10971.185411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.055804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.029902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   533.754127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.299889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6394.911345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14205.247905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.334814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.195157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.433510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       551901                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       199306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5360220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12145156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18256583                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11107942                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11107942                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1655                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1655                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2339713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2339713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       551901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       199306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5360220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14484869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20596296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       551901                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       199306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5360220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14484869                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20596296                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1512603                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4352997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              6000499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8490                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8490                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3179238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3179238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1512603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7532235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9179737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1512603                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7532235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9179737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10616836759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1987631095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 141320151502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 407397884893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   561322504249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62893993                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     62893993                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295127533709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 295127533709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10616836759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1987631095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 141320151502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702525418602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    856450037958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10616836759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1987631095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 141320151502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702525418602                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   856450037958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6872823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16498153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24257082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11107942                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11107942                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5518951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5518951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6872823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22017104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29776033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       665799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6872823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22017104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29776033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.247371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.836865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.576058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.308293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.308293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93213.548605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94644.592877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93428.448510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93590.205758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93545.970802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7408.008598                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7408.008598                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92829.644622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.644622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93213.548605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94644.592877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93428.448510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93269.184857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93297.884020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93213.548605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94644.592877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93428.448510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93269.184857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93297.884020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4119725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4119725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1512603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4352997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6000499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8490                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8490                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3179238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3179238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1512603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7532235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9179737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1512603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7532235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9179737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9019784741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1694102817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119994952394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 346112953798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 476821793750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    664638525                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    664638525                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249578121725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 249578121725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9019784741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1694102817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119994952394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 595691075523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 726399915475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9019784741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1694102817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119994952394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 595691075523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 726399915475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    134612069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    134612069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    323695299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    323695299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    458307368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    458307368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836865                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836865                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.308293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79191.774579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80667.721394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79330.103401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79511.415652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79463.690228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78284.867491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78284.867491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.497053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.497053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79191.774579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80667.721394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79330.103401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79085.566970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79130.798135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79191.774579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80667.721394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79330.103401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79085.566970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79130.798135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          766                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1822                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         13                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         19                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    6454                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        32                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2588                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     1910                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     4543                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  15                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23672556                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               757364592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23673068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.992667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    757356721                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      757356721                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    757356721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       757356721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    757356721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      757356721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25582450                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25582450                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25582450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25582450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25582450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25582450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 659693674275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 659693674275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 659693674275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 659693674275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 659693674275                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 659693674275                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    782939171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    782939171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    782939171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    782939171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    782939171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    782939171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25786.962323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25786.962323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25786.962323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25786.962323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25786.962323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25786.962323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     16582360                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            408                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40643.039216                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1909760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1909760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1909760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1909760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1909760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1909760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23672690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23672690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23672690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23672690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23672690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23672690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 513684468302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 513684468302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 513684468302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 513684468302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 513684468302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 513684468302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21699.454870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21699.454870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21699.454870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21699.454870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21699.454870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21699.454870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4235640                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      14302660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4235656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.376728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14302503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     14302503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14302503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     14302503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14302503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     14302503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4235845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4235845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4235845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  73600565302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73600565302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  73600565302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  73600565302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  73600565302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  73600565302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18538348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18538348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18538348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     18538348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18538348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     18538348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17375.651211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17375.651211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17375.651211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17375.651211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17375.651211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17375.651211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6279                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6279                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4235845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4235845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4235845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4235845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60360439142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60360439142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60360439142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60360439142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60360439142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60360439142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14249.916874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.916874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14249.916874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.916874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14249.916874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.916874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     48838289                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      93565596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     48838305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.915824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93565269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     93565269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93565269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     93565269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93565269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     93565269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48848589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     48848589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48848589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     48848589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48848589                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     48848589                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 676863412243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 676863412243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 676863412243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 676863412243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 676863412243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 676863412243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    142413858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    142413858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    142413858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    142413858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    142413858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    142413858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13856.355446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13856.355446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13856.355446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13856.355446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13856.355446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13856.355446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        53796                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        53796                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48848589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     48848589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48848589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     48848589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48848589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     48848589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 525315340599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 525315340599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 525315340599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 525315340599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 525315340599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 525315340599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10753.951165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10753.951165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10753.951165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10753.951165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10753.951165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10753.951165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              95283731                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.999871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1458798659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              95283987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.310009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.999871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1074827338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1074827338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    382247684                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     382247684                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1457075022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1457075022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1457075022                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1457075022                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    112114675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    112114675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23203337                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23203337                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    135318012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total     135318012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    135318012                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total    135318012                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2946035710724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2946035710724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 708381688751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 708381688751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3654417399475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3654417399475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3654417399475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3654417399475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1186942013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1186942013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    405451021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    405451021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1592393034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1592393034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1592393034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1592393034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26276.985691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26276.985691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30529.302262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30529.302262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27006.141647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27006.141647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27006.141647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27006.141647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     46641514                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         46641514                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     38437680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     38437680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       128207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       128207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     38565887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     38565887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     38565887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     38565887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     73676995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     73676995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23075130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     23075130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     96752125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     96752125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     96752125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     96752125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1450821021208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450821021208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 622055114001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 622055114001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2072876135209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072876135209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2072876135209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072876135209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    157447330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    157447330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    385491973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    385491973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    542939303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    542939303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19691.642163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19691.642163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26957.816229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26957.816229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21424.605767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21424.605767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21424.605767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21424.605767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9634064226                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       915809212                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    915809212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     97259837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    664203201                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       537798097                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   3044193366                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            5056508128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          915809212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    537798097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1499387959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      543140362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         138740872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    3231000032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       124631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      3241621                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5106                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        782939534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     46830140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        2050309                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   8360056164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.062224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.507178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6885825920     82.37%     82.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        91073111      1.09%     83.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        88280782      1.06%     84.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       135489138      1.62%     86.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4       102163115      1.22%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       123393646      1.48%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        93596188      1.12%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       102924509      1.23%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       737309755      8.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   8360056164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.524857                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3152739030                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   3323974435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1376193202                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     63786920                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     443362577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8671441908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         4062                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     443362577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3288776191                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2678839911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     72781026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1291583176                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    584713283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8425297967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      5421189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents     102147957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    451228932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      3330648                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9419641749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  21245921854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  21174968250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     70953604                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5921953024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3497688791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      4211180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      4214950                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1257200672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1642231835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    658675536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    113003130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     75358979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        8063603028                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      7572963                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6976964629                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17645502                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2739977320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   4096947280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3085764                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   8360056164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.834560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.459110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5463397555     65.35%     65.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1081672887     12.94%     78.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    730964753      8.74%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    441419760      5.28%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    302540242      3.62%     95.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    192278167      2.30%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    103969960      1.24%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     36771327      0.44%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7041513      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   8360056164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9074722     29.02%     29.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        49605      0.16%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13701592     43.81%     72.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      8450018     27.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     47916393      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   5006858287     71.76%     72.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11194302      0.16%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1376293189     19.73%     92.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    534702458      7.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6976964629                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.724197                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           31275937                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  22358028888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10774644706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6750228230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42803271                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     37889868                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19722136                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6939006332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21317841                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    153473799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    587670375                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1186516                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1442120                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    253230251                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       339011                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7396                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     443362577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1870127804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     43493451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   8071175991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45383921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1642231835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    658675580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      6951843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      16655039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      5094521                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1442120                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     66605105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     37849803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    104454908                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6867722084                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1340831103                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    109242542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1865784103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       656477710                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         524953000                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.712858                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6789993449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6769950366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4729775073                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7344911066                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.702710                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643953                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2849216722                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4487199                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     97616987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7917604327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.660120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.720599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   6309283804     79.69%     79.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    555328894      7.01%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    246928686      3.12%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    300135180      3.79%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    111436173      1.41%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     64812342      0.82%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     48448202      0.61%     96.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     33369986      0.42%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    247861060      3.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7917604327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999762894                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5226565802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1460006802                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1054561469                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             241792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         549682348                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15208383                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5194615724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    247861060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15744450997                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16596602796                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               29016978                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1274008062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999762894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5226565802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999762894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.211609                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.211609                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.311370                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.311370                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13277814447                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7508086074                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18764550                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14664907                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3310785782                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       4003773                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2526                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       176304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        78875952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        13476008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           92611742                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     78875952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      78875952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1470                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9675522                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10909888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        22038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9859494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2084104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11975834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              61                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1301576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1320901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        54955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        24483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           24586168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            4200563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              28867707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      24586168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         24586168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       384302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           3015926                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3400686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       385053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        54955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        24483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          24586168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           7216489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             32268392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1822                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         766                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        19                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        13                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   6454                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       32                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2588                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    4543                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    1910                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 17                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9628233008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7496950                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    14057361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            14000691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9589                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1075914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   14000691                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9589                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          36187184                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         16070479                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14503                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6110                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3393202                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2088528                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1304674                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9611819637.605021                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             16413370.394979                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001705                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998295                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
