
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122298                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37334215                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              312256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    285338584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1069252652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    285338584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1360508396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.728661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613538000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.728661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245450832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245450832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246382832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246382832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246382832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246382832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182627.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182627.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1410700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8498.192771                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       663800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       663800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229269292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229269292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229933092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229933092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229933092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229933092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30172.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30172.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170587.270833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170587.270833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           268                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1837.063130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              87                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.324627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           88.870240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.927194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.404604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.290544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1176.142049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    521.428634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.287144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.127302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4612                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             699                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  699                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4703                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7607001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223525817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106573756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340445998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32897325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32897325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7607001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223525817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139471081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       373343323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7607001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223525817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139471081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      373343323                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          699                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              699                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.413605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.775309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.775862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.431387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.431387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110246.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109576.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103772.431291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107325.031219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104656.009222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104768.550955                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104435.952381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110246.391304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109576.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103772.431291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106710.850038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104636.581558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110246.391304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109576.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103772.431291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106710.850038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104636.581558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2602424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211630536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101131872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322593533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31155125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31155125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2602424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211630536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132286997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353748658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2602424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211630536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132286997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353748658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.775309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.429815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104763.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104096.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98250.016713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101844.785498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99535.184511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99220.143312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99220.143312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104763.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104096.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98250.016713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101214.228768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99507.358087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104763.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104096.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98250.016713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101214.228768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99507.358087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1801.530452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.387400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.336072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.291741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1205.833859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    542.681516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3536                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6980801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2516224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203991515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97726703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      311215243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30009280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30009280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6980801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2516224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203991515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127735983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       341224523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6980801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2516224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203991515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127735983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      341224523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102658.838235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100648.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95905.742830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98713.841414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96590.702359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95876.293930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95570.955414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102658.838235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100648.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95905.742830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98032.220261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96500.147907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102658.838235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100648.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95905.742830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98032.220261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96500.147907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2169767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174122007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83909207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266237944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25564113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25564113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2169767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174122007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109473320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291802057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2169767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174122007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109473320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291802057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88778.867647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86790.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.720733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84756.774747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82940.169470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81674.482428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81674.482428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88778.867647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86790.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.720733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84016.362241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.719841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88778.867647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86790.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.720733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84016.362241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.719841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3271                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.868129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.868542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616751300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.569792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26604                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4461                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311776577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311776577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311776577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    311776577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311776577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    311776577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        31066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        31066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.391840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69873.728597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.391840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69873.728597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.391840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69873.728597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244399311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244399311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244399311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244399311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244399311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244399311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64621.710999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64621.710999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          108                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.044287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745348300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.909785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4264660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4264660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4264660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4264660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4264660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4264660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.250505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.250505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.250505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35245.123967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34392.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35245.123967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34392.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35245.123967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34392.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3877126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3877126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3877126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32042.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2414                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.292875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618815300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2431                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2431                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35084591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35084591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35084591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35084591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35084591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35084591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.754969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.754969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.754969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14473.841172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14432.164130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14473.841172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14432.164130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14473.841172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14432.164130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27584920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27584920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27584920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27584920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27584920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27584920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11379.917492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11379.917492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1437                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               366.758985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.377175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.930540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   365.828445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.714509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.716326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17363                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17364                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49688                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224024250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224024250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37070075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37070075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    261094325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    261094325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    261094325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    261094325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023507                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80209.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80180.476020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88897.062350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88684.389952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81337.795950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81287.149751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81337.795950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81287.149751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          699                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              699                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115363132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115363132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34564420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34564420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149927552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149927552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149927552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149927552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10650332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10650332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75450.053630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75450.053630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85555.495050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85555.495050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44887                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44887                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33440                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18416                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          356                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            31056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4162                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.878932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.351019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391562     86.28%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2853      0.63%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2592      0.57%     87.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3465      0.76%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5089      1.12%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3838      0.85%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5816      1.28%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2887      0.64%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35725      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195039                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        383360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200305                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52737                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54598                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        14004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        364445                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       402353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       910859                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       910709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          157871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1068                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27549                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            338593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           300410                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          846                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.661948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341828     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37436      8.25%     83.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        24042      5.30%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18412      4.06%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13126      2.89%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9905      2.18%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6379      1.41%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2241      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          458      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            701     46.98%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           414     27.75%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     25.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3232      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       231188     76.96%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42532     14.16%     92.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23448      7.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        300410                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.342666                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1492                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004967                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1058829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       453884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       286260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        298641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18636                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9719                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       340330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27549                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       291473                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40352                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29908                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22390                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.332472                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                287042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               286277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           188415                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           299421                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326545                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629264                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       123499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358639     82.83%     82.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27567      6.37%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13707      3.17%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11654      2.69%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6778      1.57%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3501      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1962      0.45%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2761      0.64%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6391      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117905                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47684                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29856                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24043                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766712                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             701756                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.435520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.435520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          564633                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         312854                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         128144                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.007352                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2007352460511                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9606415614021                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20985                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20979311                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5066076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95682.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007879054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3498352339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1327104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4402432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       846144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60101440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    303045184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           369725888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60101440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60101440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    171468864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        171468864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        20736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       939085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4735081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5776967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2679201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2679201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       661122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29940651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    150967600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              184185834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29940651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29940651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85420407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85420407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85420407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       661122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29940651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    150967600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             269606241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    21115                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    21131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.813969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.174326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          312                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             353                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20736                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          20807                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            21160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           21160                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1940213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14907213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3715520408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5505000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3721025408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3728487408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7445213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3735932621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3728487408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7445213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3735932621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          21178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         21178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.964481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41560.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47322.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42230.065156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179182.118441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77535.211268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178835.267362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177142.123147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66475.116071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176556.362051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177142.123147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66475.116071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176556.362051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     25287900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2386                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10598.449288                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          20783                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               20783                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9157900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1432100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3465698440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4633600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3470332040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3474856340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6065700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3480922040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3474856340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6065700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3480922040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29352.243590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34929.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167134.376929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65261.971831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166786.756380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165091.996389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54158.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164504.822306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165091.996389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54158.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164504.822306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          324                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1327104                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          324                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19526876                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4013.089115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        89516829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19530768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.583375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7628741773300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          993.464888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.008081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   147.565965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.301196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    899.622137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1926.123298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.242545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.470245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31700087                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2636389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11583746                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24595667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               70515889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        22620057                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             22620057                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       980345                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              980345                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7399599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7399599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31700087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2636389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11583746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     31995266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                77915488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31700087                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2636389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11583746                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     31995266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               77915488                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424722                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141887                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4479613                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10861742                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             15907964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8521                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8521                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3566807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3566807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4479613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14428549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19474771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424722                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141887                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4479613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14428549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19474771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14777939858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4213808178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 173391505619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 454701645165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   647084898820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198249064                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    198249064                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 244143578660                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 244143578660                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14777939858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4213808178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 173391505619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 698845223825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    891228477480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14777939858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4213808178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 173391505619                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 698845223825                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   891228477480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16063359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35457409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           86423853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     22620057                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         22620057                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       988866                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          988866                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10966406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         10966406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16063359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46423815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97390259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16063359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46423815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97390259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.184069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008617                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008617                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.325248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.199966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.199966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34794.382815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29698.338664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38706.804722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41862.681434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40676.789237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23265.938740                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23265.938740                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68448.777481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68448.777481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34794.382815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29698.338664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38706.804722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48434.892783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45763.232722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34794.382815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29698.338664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38706.804722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48434.892783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45763.232722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7161928                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7161928                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4479608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10861696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15907818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8521                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8521                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3566807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3566807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4479608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14428503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19474625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4479608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14428503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19474625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12466953846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3428309147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 148041692290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393948000458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 557884955741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    695368320                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695368320                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 224172605144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224172605144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12466953846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3428309147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 148041692290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 618120605602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 782057560885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12466953846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3428309147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 148041692290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 618120605602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 782057560885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     89287901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     89287901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    207923181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    207923181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    297211082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    297211082                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008617                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008617                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.199965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29356.319852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24170.767480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33047.912293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36269.473981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35069.860350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81606.421781                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81606.421781                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62849.659414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62849.659414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29356.319852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24170.767480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33047.912293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42840.245145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40157.772531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29356.319852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24170.767480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33047.912293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42840.245145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40157.772531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5730034                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32214.563536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17312776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5762422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.004427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625536753160                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11543.534405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.079560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.049189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   508.063378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   127.451699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6337.070056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13698.306971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.352281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.193392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.418039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       355889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       128616                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3540522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8216913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12241940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7161928                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7161928                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1439                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1439                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1476151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1476151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       355889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       128616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3540522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9693064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                13718091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       355889                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       128616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3540522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9693064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               13718091                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939086                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2644783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3665878                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2090506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2090506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4735289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5756384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939086                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4735289                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5756384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6412752162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1252081815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87744395285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 247470529791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   342879759053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52007652                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     52007652                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 194084066119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 194084066119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6412752162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1252081815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87744395285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 441554595910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    536963825172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6412752162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1252081815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87744395285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 441554595910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   536963825172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4479608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10861696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           15907818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7161928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7161928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8671                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8671                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3566657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3566657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4479608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14428353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19474475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       424677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       141837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4479608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14428353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19474475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.230445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834045                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.834045                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.586125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.586125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.295586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.295586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93224.867157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.017472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93435.952921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93569.313547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93532.779611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7191.323562                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7191.323562                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92840.712306                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92840.712306                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93224.867157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.017472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93435.952921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93247.655193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93281.446334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93224.867157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.017472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93435.952921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93247.655193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93281.446334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2658418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2658418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2644783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3665878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7232                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7232                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2090506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2090506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4735289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5756384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4735289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5756384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5448033338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1067277918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74503201304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 210217908407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 291236420967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    566118489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566118489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164102404687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164102404687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5448033338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1067277918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74503201304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374320313094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 455338825654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5448033338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1067277918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74503201304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374320313094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 455338825654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     79767307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     79767307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    182142606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    182142606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    261909913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    261909913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834045                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.834045                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.586125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79200.345089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80725.960064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79335.866261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79483.991090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79445.202750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78279.658324                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78279.658324                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78498.891985                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78498.891985                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79200.345089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80725.960064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79335.866261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79049.095651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79101.537641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79200.345089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80725.960064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79335.866261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79049.095651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79101.537641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9756                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2774                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6982                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16063428                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               495161929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16063940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.824438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    495153864                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      495153864                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    495153864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       495153864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    495153864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      495153864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17288684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17288684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17288684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      17288684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17288684                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     17288684                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 414234609464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 414234609464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 414234609464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 414234609464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 414234609464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 414234609464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    512442548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    512442548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    512442548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    512442548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    512442548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    512442548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23959.869326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23959.869326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23959.869326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23959.869326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23959.869326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23959.869326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9140052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40442.707965                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1225183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1225183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1225183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1225183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1225183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1225183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16063501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16063501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16063501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16063501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16063501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16063501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 318357449848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318357449848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 318357449848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 318357449848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 318357449848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 318357449848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19818.683975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.683975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19818.683975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.683975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19818.683975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.683975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2778488                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9438972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2778504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.397142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9438750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9438750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9438750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9438750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9438750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9438750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2778691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2778691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2778691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44059600699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44059600699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44059600699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  44059600699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44059600699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  44059600699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12217441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12217441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12217441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12217441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12217441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12217441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15856.243353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15856.243353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15856.243353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15856.243353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15856.243353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15856.243353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5133                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5133                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2778691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2778691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2778691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2778691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  35316183291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35316183291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  35316183291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35316183291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  35316183291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35316183291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12709.647561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12709.647561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12709.647561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12709.647561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12709.647561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12709.647561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32134754                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61990963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32134770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.929093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61990386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61990386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61990386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61990386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61990386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61990386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32143423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32143423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32143423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32143423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32143423                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32143423                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409404339533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 409404339533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409404339533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 409404339533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409404339533                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 409404339533                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94133809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94133809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94133809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94133809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94133809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94133809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.341465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12736.799672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12736.799672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12736.799672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12736.799672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12736.799672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12736.799672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        18310                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        18310                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32143423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32143423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32143423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32143423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32143423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32143423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309239547454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 309239547454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309239547454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 309239547454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309239547454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 309239547454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9620.616555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9620.616555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9620.616555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9620.616555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9620.616555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9620.616555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              46423526                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               986955578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              46424038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.259581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7599080305300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    727578988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      727578988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    258215693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     258215693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    985794681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       985794681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    985794681                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      985794681                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     54852710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     54852710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11988424                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11988424                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66841134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66841134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66841134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66841134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1560850559737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1560850559737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 399164715209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 399164715209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1960015274946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1960015274946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1960015274946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1960015274946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    782431698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    782431698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    270204117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    270204117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1052635815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1052635815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1052635815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1052635815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28455.304391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28455.304391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33295.845660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33295.845660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29323.489260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29323.489260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29323.489260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29323.489260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     22596614                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         22596614                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19380769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     19380769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        55005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        55005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19435774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19435774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19435774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19435774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35471941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35471941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11933419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     11933419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     47405360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47405360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     47405360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47405360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 752064064920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 752064064920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 354012295120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 354012295120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1106076360040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106076360040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1106076360040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106076360040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     93103446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     93103446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    217833213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    217833213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    310936659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    310936659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21201.660911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21201.660911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29665.621824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29665.621824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23332.305884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23332.305884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23332.305884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23332.305884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6028085467                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       598440051                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    598440051                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64100279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    433952748                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       350773242                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1967266377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3311789752                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          598440051                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    350773242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            982528231                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      345154720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          87597441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1910298687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        68052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1886472                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2058                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        512442761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31577869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1303093                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5229277849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.112447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.555414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4263024938     81.52%     81.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59886629      1.15%     82.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59631822      1.14%     83.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        88312586      1.69%     85.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66237922      1.27%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80935475      1.55%     88.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59603427      1.14%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        67205319      1.29%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       484439731      9.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5229277849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099275                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.549393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2041598111                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1964201405                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        904854707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38993095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     279630531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5680519822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2912                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     279630531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2125773192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1582956595                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     40425434                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        852501869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    347990228                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5520658504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3109728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      59601628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    269043029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1852006                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6183464332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13907401093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13862062630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45338463                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3952677074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2230787195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2243283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2244367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        757256002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1073144884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    432586937                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     71534747                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     46848619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5279025643                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4165032                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4592053857                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10429717                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1730954308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2599526240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1757837                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5229277849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.878143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.499226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3356403927     64.18%     64.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    679193606     12.99%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    471428499      9.02%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    289422097      5.53%     91.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    200643921      3.84%     95.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129559856      2.48%     98.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71918573      1.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25808400      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4898970      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5229277849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6376727     30.19%     30.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        48470      0.23%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8840556     41.85%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5858782     27.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31174847      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3295527993     71.77%     72.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7124317      0.16%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    905131762     19.71%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    353094938      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4592053857                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.761777                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21124535                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004600                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14442784736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6991007947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4442830481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27198857                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23970288                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12441995                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4568485116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13518429                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     98789997                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    372137559                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       800143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       872990                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    162385730                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       222514                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          430                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     279630531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1119949016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     24462470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5283190675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29770585                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1073144884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    432586942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3742983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9334499                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2997285                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       872990                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44280341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24743796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69024137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4519038211                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    881430686                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     73015646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1227888703                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       433309613                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         346458017                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.749664                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4469054876                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4455272476                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3120715247                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4835343278                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.739086                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645397                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1802350317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2407195                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64305637                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4950108429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.703690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.758398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3868908844     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    374026093      7.56%     85.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168036194      3.39%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    203438417      4.11%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75540257      1.53%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     43637941      0.88%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33282542      0.67%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23024903      0.47%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160213238      3.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4950108429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759751                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3483339942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             971208519                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701007310                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             181746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         366074733                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9595640                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3462040097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160213238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10074988714                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10852130487                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16901641                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              798807618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3483339942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.014405                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.014405                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.331740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.331740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8751393890                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4953749648                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12103369                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9118618                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2174537716                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2134147                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74096400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12467278                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           86822142                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74096400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74096400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9043354                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10277618                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9262050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1941264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11235394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1217797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1237118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        87462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        38889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           36912501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6210807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              43252066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      36912501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         36912501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       614190                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4505115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5119987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       615390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        87462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        38889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          36912501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10715922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             48372053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9756                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6982                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2774                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6025237810                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7043653                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13106301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13051978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1024051                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13051978                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33870020                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         14991515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3166266                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1945681                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1220585                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6009917248.757748                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15320561.242252                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002543                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997457                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
