
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 160031                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   282675                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86540702                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681214                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1203286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203785926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    530746807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              747215063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203785926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203959657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203785926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    530746807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             747215063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           478                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2182.247735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.171548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          310.679017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.088244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.451571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.383078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    539.767547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1296.668761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.075849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.532775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          738                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1254                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1254                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4825                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4725578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1793291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121502126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241193223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      369214218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       568548                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       568548                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73422494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73422494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4725578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1793291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121502126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314615717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       442636712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4725578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1793291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121502126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314615717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      442636712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.435155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.472158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.472158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100544.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105487.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102793.676819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102548.139031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102360.470751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20305.285714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20305.285714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103704.087571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103557.819464                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100544.212766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105487.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102793.676819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102815.593791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102557.162187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100544.212766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105487.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102793.676819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102815.593791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102557.162187                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  52                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       52                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4465678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1700191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114980451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228160656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349306976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1299464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69537494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69537494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4465678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1700191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114980451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297698150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418844470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4465678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1700191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114980451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297698150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418844470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.471064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95014.425532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100011.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97276.185279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97007.081633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97083.650917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46409.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46409.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98216.799435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98216.799435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95014.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100011.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97276.185279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97286.977124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97269.965165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95014.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100011.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97276.185279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97286.977124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97269.965165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1971.067255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.906731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.828165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.415556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    550.199664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1367.386585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              52                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   52                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2347                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3592                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4295878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1641299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110836129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220144999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336918305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67111161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67111161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4295878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1641299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110836129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287256160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       404029466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4295878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1641299                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110836129                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287256160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      404029466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93388.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        96547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94489.453538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93798.465701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93796.855512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94789.775424                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94656.080395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93388.652174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        96547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94489.453538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94028.202946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93938.494769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93388.652174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        96547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94489.453538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94028.202946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93938.494769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3652975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1405623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94364020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187115303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286537921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57087965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57087965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3652975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1405623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94364020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244203268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343625886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3652975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1405623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94364020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244203268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343625886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79412.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82683.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80446.734868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79725.310183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79971.510187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80632.718927                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80632.718927                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82683.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80446.734868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79935.603273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80080.607318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82683.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80446.734868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79935.603273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80080.607318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1417                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               329.834623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.850388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.629570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   329.205053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.642979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.644208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2290                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2290                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167519230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167519230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167519230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167519230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167519230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167519230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73152.502183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73120.571803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73152.502183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73120.571803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73152.502183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73120.571803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131632743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131632743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131632743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131632743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131632743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131632743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68558.720312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68558.720312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68558.720312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68558.720312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68558.720312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68558.720312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          248                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.626171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.471774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019267814000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.525941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.100230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.568764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.664136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1637                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1637                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1637                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1637                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          289                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          285                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          289                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5265641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5265641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5265641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5265641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5265641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5265641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.150052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.150052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18475.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18220.211073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18475.933333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18220.211073                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18475.933333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18220.211073                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15290.915789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15290.915789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15290.915789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15290.915789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15290.915789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15290.915789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2766                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.269598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.711858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125902300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.671036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.598563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2203                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2816                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34308566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34308566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34308566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34308566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34308566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34308566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.561068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.561068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12205.110637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12183.439631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12205.110637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12183.439631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12205.110637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12183.439631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25601789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25601789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25601789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25601789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25601789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25601789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.560966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9107.715760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9107.715760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9107.715760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9107.715760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9107.715760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9107.715760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3697                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.536338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   55942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.131728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019325410300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.321104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.215234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.891045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.891673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21879                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21879                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          917                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    709497586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    709497586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81098807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81098807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    790596393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    790596393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    790596393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    790596393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86714.444635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86693.253421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88535.815502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88439.266085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86897.822928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86869.178442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86897.822928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86869.178442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256000697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256000697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77553047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77553047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333553744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333553744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333553744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333553744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76258.771820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76258.771820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85036.235746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85036.235746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78133.929257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78133.929257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78133.929257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78133.929257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56722                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37285                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24007                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                263440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24007                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              7961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        481935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2429                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             99                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       757927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.639480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          676984     89.32%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8794      1.16%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5075      0.67%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3589      0.47%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5699      0.75%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5327      0.70%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5351      0.71%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3433      0.45%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43675      5.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       757927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238181                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          165907                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       489483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            73671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4690                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        467120                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         393760                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            68740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31671                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        445669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          210                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       533862                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1162421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1162421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          202760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            76379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29840                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            420687                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           368877                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       140742                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       225289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       757927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.210022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       607921     80.21%     80.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57387      7.57%     87.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34178      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22356      2.95%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16483      2.17%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10476      1.38%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6532      0.86%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2190      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          404      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       757927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            804     34.23%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           838     35.67%     69.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          707     30.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3096      0.84%      0.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       278902     75.61%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59352     16.09%     92.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27527      7.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        368877                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.333509                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2349                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006368                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1501709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       563691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        368130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22223                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          120                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7045                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4100                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       422833                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29840                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          120                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       361227                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57153                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84051                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37114                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26898                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326592                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                356986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               355884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           247779                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           396578                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321762                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624793                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       147263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       733915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.375192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       643953     87.74%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35000      4.77%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13374      1.82%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14545      1.98%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7128      0.97%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3379      0.46%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2780      0.38%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2159      0.29%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11597      1.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       733915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154764                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        275359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67012                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44217                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30362                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1143998                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             869678                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2258                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 348122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               275359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.146681                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.146681                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          723284                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         415180                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167495                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.111077                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1111077136674                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6130844406279                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68499                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   127945                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88864749                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4659136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12503.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856449678                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599703558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       160768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       970496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11231808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15968448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       970496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         970496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11923328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11923328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       175497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               249507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         186302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              186302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3180251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       873473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10108936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14372043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       873473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            873473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10731323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10731323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10731323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3180251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       873473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10108936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25103366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104200                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.463604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.527012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020574298000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.349809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8020                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8020                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26716                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26716                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103847                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99498                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101226                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205073                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4595002245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4596100245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126405784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6700798000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827203784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127503784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11295800245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11423304029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127503784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11295800245                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11423304029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44259.316558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44258.382476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73151.495370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67346.057207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67445.160176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72651.728775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55557.305526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55703.598372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72651.728775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55557.305526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55703.598372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       310600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8394.594595                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56771                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56771                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       755800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3312769539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313525339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105606092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5471957801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5577563893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106361892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8784727340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891089232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106361892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8784727340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891089232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926588                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27992.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31908.779994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31907.761794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61114.636574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54995.656204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55100.111562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60605.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43206.835302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43355.728116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60605.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43206.835302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43355.728116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27625818                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.554857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        60916876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27629872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.204747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024349605600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          520.604010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.755992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.814152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2729.019821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    693.357633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.127101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.666265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17279999                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4481305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24749871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8017852                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54529027                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8449837                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8449837                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       960917                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              960917                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1511025                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1511025                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17279999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4481305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24749871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9528877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56040052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17279999                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4481305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24749871                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9528877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56040052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       339080                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171008                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6028128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25571412                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1843948                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1843948                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       339080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7872076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27415360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       339080                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171008                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7872076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27415360                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7652138444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3714732569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 420563819647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151422066563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   583352757223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2261710544                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2261710544                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54905992834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54905992834                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7652138444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3714732569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 420563819647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206328059397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    638258750057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7652138444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3714732569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 420563819647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206328059397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   638258750057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17619079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4652313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43783067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14045980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80100439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8449837                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8449837                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1015120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1015120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3354973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3354973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17619079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4652313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43783067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17400953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83455412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17619079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4652313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43783067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17400953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83455412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.319242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053396                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053396                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549616                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.549616                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.328503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.328503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22567.354147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21722.566014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22096.332095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25119.252040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22812.692440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41726.667232                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41726.667232                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29776.323863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29776.323863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22567.354147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21722.566014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22096.332095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26210.120354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23281.063975                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22567.354147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21722.566014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22096.332095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26210.120354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23281.063975                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3780396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3780396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6028128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25568484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1843948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1843948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7872076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27412432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7872076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27412432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5816429139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2770111524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312663818351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118275573291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 439525932305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2881196339                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881196339                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44534946808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44534946808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5816429139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2770111524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312663818351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162810520099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 484060879113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5816429139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2770111524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312663818351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162810520099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 484060879113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10430837664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10430837664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15581146304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15581146304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26011983968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26011983968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053396                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053396                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17249.299044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16298.416846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16427.289371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19620.614110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17190.144410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53155.661845                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53155.661845                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24151.953747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24151.953747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17249.299044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16298.416846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16427.289371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20682.031030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17658.443407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17249.299044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16298.416846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16427.289371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20682.031030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17658.443407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        194649                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32344.792478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29023457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        227106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        127.796963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18151.968151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.056075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   457.375147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   157.296823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5573.364204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8004.713681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.553954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19018024                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5874575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25396516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3780396                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3780396                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4649                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4649                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1659483                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1659483                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19018024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7534058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27055999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19018024                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7534058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27055999                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               171968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        76001                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             76001                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       158018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             158018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       311571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                329986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15172                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       311571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               329986                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    232862747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     67922549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1418954516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9146796918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10866536730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1893651883                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1893651883                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14213186570                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14213186570                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    232862747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     67922549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1418954516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23359983488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25079723300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    232862747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     67922549                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1418954516                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23359983488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25079723300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6028128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25568484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3780396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3780396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        80650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1817501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1817501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7845629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27385985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19033196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7845629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27385985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942356                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.942356                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.086942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92700.138137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92917.303694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93524.552861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59567.686193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63189.295276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24916.144301                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24916.144301                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89946.629941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89946.629941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92700.138137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92917.303694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93524.552861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74974.832343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76002.385859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92700.138137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92917.303694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93524.552861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74974.832343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76002.385859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              129531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   129531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        76001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       158018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        158018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           329986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          329986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    197636764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57649104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1204949973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6983455052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8443690893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3921467478                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3921467478                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11954989142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11954989142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    197636764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57649104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1204949973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18938444194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20398680035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    197636764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57649104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1204949973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18938444194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20398680035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9295066550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9295066550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13876202377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13876202377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23171268927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23171268927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942356                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942356                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78677.055732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78863.343365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79419.323293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45479.118298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49100.361073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51597.577374                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51597.577374                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75655.869217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75655.869217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78677.055732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78863.343365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79419.323293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60783.719261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61816.804455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78677.055732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78863.343365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79419.323293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60783.719261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61816.804455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33375296                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45005                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20449691                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12925605                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22502                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22502                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21885                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43783077                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132030103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43783589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.015516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5019776229241                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132015748                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132015748                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132015748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       132015748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132015748                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      132015748                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47889695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47889695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47889695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47889695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47889695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47889695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1010876432291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1010876432291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1010876432291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1010876432291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1010876432291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1010876432291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179905443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179905443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179905443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179905443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179905443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179905443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21108.433292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21108.433292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21108.433292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21108.433292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21108.433292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21108.433292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       334794                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41849.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4106595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4106595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4106595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4106595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4106595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4106595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43783100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43783100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43783100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43783100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43783100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43783100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 786333005458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 786333005458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 786333005458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 786333005458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 786333005458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 786333005458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17959.738014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17959.738014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17959.738014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17959.738014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17959.738014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17959.738014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4654030                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4373036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4654046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.939620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4372394                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4372394                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4372394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4372394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4372394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4372394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4654749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4654749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4654749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4654749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4654749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4654749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78272727608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78272727608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78272727608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78272727608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78272727608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78272727608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9027143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9027143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9027143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9027143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9027143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9027143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.515639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.515639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.515639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16815.670965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16815.670965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16815.670965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16815.670965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16815.670965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16815.670965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        29129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        29129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4654749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4654749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4654749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4654749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4654749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4654749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64018673053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64018673053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64018673053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64018673053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64018673053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64018673053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13753.410346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13753.410346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13753.410346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13753.410346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13753.410346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13753.410346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17623454                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.986022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5009717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17623470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.284264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.986022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5009400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5009400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5009400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5009400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5009400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5009400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17634376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17634376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17634376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17634376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17634376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17634376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287741987839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 287741987839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287741987839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 287741987839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287741987839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 287741987839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22643776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22643776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22643776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22643776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22643776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22643776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.778774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16317.106306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16317.106306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16317.106306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16317.106306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16317.106306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16317.106306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        22792                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        22792                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17634376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17634376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17634376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17634376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17634376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17634376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233941418494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 233941418494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233941418494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 233941418494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233941418494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 233941418494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13266.214721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13266.214721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13266.214721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13266.214721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13266.214721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13266.214721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17360934                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.823875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279829228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17361446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.117853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.823875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180218495                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180218495                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98472244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98472244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278690739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278690739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278690739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278690739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21593016                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21593016                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4399100                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4399100                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     25992116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      25992116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     25992116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     25992116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 571317628281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 571317628281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114250248847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114250248847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 685567877128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 685567877128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 685567877128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 685567877128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201811511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201811511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102871344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102871344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304682855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304682855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304682855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304682855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.106996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26458.445095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26458.445095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25971.277954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25971.277954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26375.993287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26375.993287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26375.993287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26375.993287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8397917                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8397917                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7537808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7537808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7591573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7591573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7591573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7591573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14055208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14055208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4345335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4345335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18400543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18400543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18400543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18400543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318855979212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318855979212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97971326120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97971326120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 416827305332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 416827305332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 416827305332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 416827305332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10890029272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10890029272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16191800056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16191800056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27081829328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27081829328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22685.966598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22685.966598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22546.322923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22546.322923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22652.989389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22652.989389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22652.989389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22652.989389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3297383444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231523201                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231523201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42876224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197336649                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103707965                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1487711850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1055920141                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231523201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103707965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329206982                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      155831975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          84043615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     396947244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       775565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2011654                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179905451                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30326700                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1186377                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2412117639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.262719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2091473266     86.71%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19753383      0.82%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14653328      0.61%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26559671      1.10%     89.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22736958      0.94%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27548945      1.14%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19614681      0.81%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16828789      0.70%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172948618      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2412117639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.320230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1548165145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    441909277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304316049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6306495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111420673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1915647322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1224                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111420673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1569000783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      145330554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    251790687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        288810328                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45764614                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1837421830                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       673994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7461664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29979500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       186695                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1995982812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4568776997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4568683141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        93856                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203425010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792557802                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6182884                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6202888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        141300767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259494662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159362198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16427577                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15206234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1705158624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8932737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1540947585                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7834980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    571073533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    762543670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3257227                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2412117639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.413044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1835659644     76.10%     76.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198197597      8.22%     84.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124548960      5.16%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85160423      3.53%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69658017      2.89%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49207833      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36492945      1.51%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10995864      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2196356      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2412117639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4485018     42.08%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4084020     38.32%     80.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2088415     19.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18586928      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144431217     74.27%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236419322     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141510118      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1540947585                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.467324                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10657453                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006916                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5519151215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2285570865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465221234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41669                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        26714                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20469                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1532997239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20871                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23246666                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95152300                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       500640                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       454562                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56460534                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       201674                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111420673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       83034856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1949439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1714091361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29360444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259494662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159362198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7860865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        948553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        73405                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       454562                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14196695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33791620                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47988315                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1494808813                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225314384                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46138772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361211377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158008439                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135896993                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.453332                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468121497                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465241703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        921746823                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1420375562                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.444365                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648946                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    630512063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5675510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43109572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2301600983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.423208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1944796565     84.50%     84.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128286807      5.57%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57820703      2.51%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63165654      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33383027      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14954822      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11973571      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7809838      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39409996      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2301600983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586228242                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083521653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267244022                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164342359                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577865                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125413025                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078951015                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39409996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3974926061                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3539955497                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26185189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              885265805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            36834565                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586228242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083521653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586228242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.624743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.624743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2861923776                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1576828341                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20469                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      703896828                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5323439                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2847257360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513324133                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364371213                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2847257360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2847257360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358021544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365585980                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355907170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81282402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437426391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51635162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51816487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2479785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       848899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2562609981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          462005846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3028026680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2562609981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2562609981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3387905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3420295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         322229242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            329037443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3394479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5900080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       848899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2562609981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         784235089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3357064123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33375296                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45005                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12925605                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20449691                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22502                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22502                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21762                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3336559051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268818768                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513692928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511980123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36657650                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511980123                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320317849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566525658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133135353                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81366206                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51769147                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2735755609.456677                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600803441.543322                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.180067                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.819933                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
