
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66835                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   118690                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37271178                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519787                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224766822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              981643704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224766822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1288986941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.284153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046571000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.284153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1803100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11269.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1290                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1428.535984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.706977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           93.603554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.206292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.585566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.027259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.323485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.264314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    989.504370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    314.021143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.076665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.348764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4224                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             512                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  512                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3397872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       509480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213769103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74841620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      292518075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34380629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34380629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3397872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       509480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213769103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109222249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       326898704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3397872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       509480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213769103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109222249                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      326898704                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.617836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.433704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.872774                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.617836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.455680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.617836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.455680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80901.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 56608.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88922.255824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97577.079531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90422.897991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101119.497059                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100235.069971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80901.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 56608.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88922.255824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98665.084914                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91363.528228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80901.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 56608.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88922.255824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98665.084914                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91363.528228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  94                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       94                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3169076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200424935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70652607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274704904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32491700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32491700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3169076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200424935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103144307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307196604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3169076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200424935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103144307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307196604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11324970                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11324970                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.617836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.617836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.453642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.617836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75454.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50920.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83371.437188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92115.524120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85259.126009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95563.823529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95563.823529                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75454.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50920.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83371.437188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93174.622403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86242.729927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75454.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50920.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83371.437188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93174.622403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86242.729927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1756.933986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           18.639445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.840283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.746013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1257.621474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    441.086913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    531                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              94                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   94                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    538                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3039                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186888669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66923586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257066939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31150310                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31150310                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186888669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98073896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288217249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186888669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98073896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288217249                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           94                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               94                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.835858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.979532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.849595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.849595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94867.344670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97414.244541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95069.134246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93826.234940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94867.344670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96245.236506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.502797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94867.344670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96245.236506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.502797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159203290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57360249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219344355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26406795                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26406795                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159203290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83767044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245751150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159203290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83767044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245751150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.831839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80813.852792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83493.812227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81510.351171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79538.539157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79538.539157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80813.852792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82205.146222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81293.797552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80813.852792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82205.146222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81293.797552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3380                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.258217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.179586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049777300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.960940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20957                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20974                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20957                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4574                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4574                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299070803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299070803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299070803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299070803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299070803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299070803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65384.959117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65342.102469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65384.959117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65342.102469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65384.959117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65342.102469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233969463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233969463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233969463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233969463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233969463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233969463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60130.933693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60130.933693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60130.933693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60130.933693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60130.933693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60130.933693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           86                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.086190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           86                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.604651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.746432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1640033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1640033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1640033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1640033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1640033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1640033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.290419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.290419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18222.588889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16907.556701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18222.588889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16907.556701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18222.588889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16907.556701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1356383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1356383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1356383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1356383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1356383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1356383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15070.922222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15070.922222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15070.922222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15070.922222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15070.922222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15070.922222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2380                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.097059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.018385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2390                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2396                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30753305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30753305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30753305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30753305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30753305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30753305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.886751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.886751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12867.491632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12835.269199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12867.491632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12835.269199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12867.491632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12835.269199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23397597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23397597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23397597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23397597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23397597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23397597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9789.789540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9789.789540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9789.789540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9789.789540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9789.789540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9789.789540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   954                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.140592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   20799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.801887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130204300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.140663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16230                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16234                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43579                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143113589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143113589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38174528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38174528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181288117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    181288117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181288117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    181288117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77568.340921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77568.340921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91108.658711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90460.966825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80074.256625                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79968.291575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80074.256625                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79968.291575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          512                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              512                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80903247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80903247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35714748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35714748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116617995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116617995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116617995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116617995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3990663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3990663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11782757                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11782757                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75328.907821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75328.907821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87536.147059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87536.147059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772432                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38042                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6126                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28879                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15005                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53894                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          468                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             22                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.836563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.304072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353402     87.01%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2475      0.61%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1947      0.48%     88.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2831      0.70%     88.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3932      0.97%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3761      0.93%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5112      1.26%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1996      0.49%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30719      7.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049250                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48377                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326561                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310733                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       768237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       768147                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          964                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          966                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            288879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           258916                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135220                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.637449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310392     76.42%     76.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31711      7.81%     84.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19955      4.91%     89.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16308      4.02%     93.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11343      2.79%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8648      2.13%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5405      1.33%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1975      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          438      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            489     39.06%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           401     32.03%     71.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          362     28.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2880      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199010     76.86%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35475     13.70%     91.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21541      8.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        258916                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335196                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1252                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       927555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       384249                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14647                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8128                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94111                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       290491                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251275                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33541                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25537                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20553                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325304                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159901                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250729                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319140                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637744                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.411009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323524     83.21%     83.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24225      6.23%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12378      3.18%     92.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10086      2.59%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5910      1.52%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3042      0.78%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1703      0.44%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2468      0.63%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5449      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104053                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41962                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25267                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20617                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              673707                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             598569                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2478                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97968                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.423448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.423448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          483701                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268179                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109819                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049005                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60049005395823                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132513020602                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42916                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82711                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1648805287                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4739404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36419.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1563005314                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3012328140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3414528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       140800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        33216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2420096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     53335296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            59444480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2420096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2420096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     39703104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         39703104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        37814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       833364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               928820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         620361                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              620361                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       888196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 989933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           661178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                661178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           661178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       888196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1651111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   295244                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.659496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   295258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.045715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.613781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.913361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.916219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            57                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               57                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       412170                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          415700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        27416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          78616                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        439586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           494316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       439586                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          494316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    511007664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47400035406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47911043070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9027431600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1184715000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10212146600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9538439264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48584750406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  58123189670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9538439264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48584750406                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  58123189670                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       412354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        415884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        27473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       439827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         494557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       439827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        494557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144761.377904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115001.177684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115253.892398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176317.023438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43212.540123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129899.086700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174281.733309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110523.880210                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117583.063607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174281.733309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110523.880210                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117583.063607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    407124036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8574.823311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       412170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        27416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       439586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       494316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       439586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       494316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    468066900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42424516400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42892583300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8410314188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    842235000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9252549188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8878381088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43266751400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52145132488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8878381088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43266751400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52145132488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132596.855524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102929.656210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103181.581188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164263.948984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30720.564634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117692.952936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162221.470638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98426.135955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105489.469263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162221.470638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98426.135955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105489.469263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11140561                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2894.685612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        42136302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11143401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.781278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1020.764267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   111.552864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.110810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    823.209886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    938.047776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.249210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.200979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.229016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.706710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19524198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9596294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5572213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               34988373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9407307                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              9407307                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1429768                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1429768                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1330853                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1330853                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19524198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9596294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6903066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                36319226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19524198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295668                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9596294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6903066                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               36319226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3179124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5272142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8878551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            20                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 20                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       132867                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            132867                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2008175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2008175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3179124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7280317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              10886726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3179124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7280317                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             10886726                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9069206342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    193328717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71950339632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163088576406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   244301451097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2362486746                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2362486746                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92827763272                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  92827763272                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9069206342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    193328717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71950339632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 255916339678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    337129214369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9069206342                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    193328717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71950339632                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 255916339678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   337129214369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19944550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       302601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12775418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10844355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           43866924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9407327                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          9407327                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1562635                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1562635                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3339028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3339028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19944550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       302601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12775418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14183383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            47205952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19944550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       302601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12775418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14183383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           47205952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.248847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.202397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085028                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.085028                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.601425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.248847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.513299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.230622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.248847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.513299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.230622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21575.266305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27885.290206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22632.127477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30934.025754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27515.914601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17780.839080                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17780.839080                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46224.937205                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46224.937205                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21575.266305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27885.290206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22632.127477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35151.812713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30966.997274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21575.266305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27885.290206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22632.127477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35151.812713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30966.997274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5336214                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5336214                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3179107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5272142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8878492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           20                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       132867                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       132867                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2008175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2008175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3179107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7280317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         10886667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3179107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7280317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        10886667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6823545050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    155652177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  53865595883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133971284810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 194816077920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9226353063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9226353063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81445746813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81445746813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6823545050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    155652177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  53865595883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215417031623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 276261824733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6823545050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    155652177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  53865595883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215417031623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 276261824733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8413646361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8413646361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11672263052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11672263052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20085909413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20085909413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.248846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085028                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085028                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.601425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.248846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.513299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.230621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.248846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.513299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16233.510374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22538.687663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16943.624698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25411.167759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21942.473780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69440.516178                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69440.516178                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40557.096275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40557.096275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16233.510374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22538.687663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16943.624698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29588.963176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25376.161936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16233.510374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22538.687663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16943.624698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29588.963176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25376.161936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        844584                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32186.661053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        13325062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        876903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         15.195594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18195.625767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.081462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   124.362107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    28.711851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2435.367625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11396.479986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.555286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.074322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.347793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418137                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3141292                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4737630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8303446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5336234                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5336234                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32144                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32144                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1383884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1383884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3141292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6121514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 9687330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418137                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6387                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3141292                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6121514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                9687330                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       534512                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               575046                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       320290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            320290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       404724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             404724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       939236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                979770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37815                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       939236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               979770                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    204103267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     48274050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3543211585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49410047381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    53205636283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    956272848                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    956272848                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37182678336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  37182678336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    204103267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     48274050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3543211585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86592725717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     90388314619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    204103267                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     48274050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3543211585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86592725717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    90388314619                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3179107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5272142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8878492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5336234                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5336234                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       352434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          352434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1788608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1788608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3179107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7060750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10667100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3179107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7060750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10667100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.064768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908794                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.908794                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.226279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92774.212273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93013.583815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93698.574243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92439.547440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92524.139431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2985.646907                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2985.646907                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91871.691167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91871.691167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92774.212273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93013.583815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93698.574243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92194.853814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92254.625697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92774.212273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93013.583815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93698.574243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92194.853814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92254.625697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              565053                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   565053                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       534512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       320290                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       320290                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       404724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        404724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       939236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           979770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       939236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          979770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    173236320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40993550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3009787862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41904778800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45128796532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24245056550                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24245056550                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31347147634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31347147634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    173236320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40993550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3009787862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73251926434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  76475944166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    173236320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40993550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3009787862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73251926434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  76475944166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7548009759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7548009759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10378564716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10378564716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17926574475                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17926574475                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908794                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908794                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78743.781818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78985.645472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79592.433214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78398.200227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78478.585247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75697.201130                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75697.201130                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77453.147414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77453.147414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78743.781818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78985.645472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79592.433214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77990.969718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78054.996750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78743.781818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78985.645472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79592.433214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77990.969718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78054.996750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24190007                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68090                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18712                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        332                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   258                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18523                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3231773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19044                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24258097                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           317                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3222702                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9071                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18367                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12775419                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137683721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12775931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.776805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137675597                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137675597                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137675597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137675597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137675597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137675597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13421287                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13421287                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13421287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13421287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13421287                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13421287                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230039924472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 230039924472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230039924472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 230039924472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230039924472                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 230039924472                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151096884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151096884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151096884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    151096884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151096884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    151096884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17139.930356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17139.930356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17139.930356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17139.930356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17139.930356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17139.930356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       445796                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37149.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       645857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       645857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       645857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       645857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       645857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       645857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12775430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12775430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12775430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12775430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12775430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12775430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175267409394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 175267409394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175267409394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 175267409394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175267409394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 175267409394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13719.100601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13719.100601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13719.100601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13719.100601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13719.100601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13719.100601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       308108                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.982770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        498621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       308124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.618248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083928238300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.982763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       498342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       498342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       498342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       498342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       498342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       498342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       308315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       308315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       308315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5734741331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5734741331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5734741331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5734741331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5734741331                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5734741331                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       806657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       806657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       806657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       806657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       806657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       806657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.382213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.382213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.382213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.382213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.382213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.382213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18600.267035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18600.267035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18600.267035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18600.267035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18600.267035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18600.267035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8354                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8354                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4795615191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4795615191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4795615191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4795615191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4795615191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4795615191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.382213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.382213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.382213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15554.271414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15554.271414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15554.271414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15554.271414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15554.271414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15554.271414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20516624                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9805279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20516640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.477918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9804920                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9804920                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9804920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9804920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9804920                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9804920                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20518162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20518162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20518162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20518162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20518162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20518162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239107492332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 239107492332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239107492332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 239107492332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239107492332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 239107492332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30323082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30323082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30323082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30323082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30323082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30323082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.676652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.676652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.676652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.676652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.676652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.676652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11653.455720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11653.455720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11653.455720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11653.455720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11653.455720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11653.455720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       216952                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       216952                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20518162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20518162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20518162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20518162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20518162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20518162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 176393179608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176393179608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 176393179608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 176393179608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 176393179608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 176393179608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.676652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.676652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.676652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8596.928887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8596.928887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8596.928887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8596.928887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8596.928887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8596.928887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14157491                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.998695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               253166741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14158003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 17.881529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.031267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.967428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    147457642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      147457642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    104041593                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     104041593                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    251499235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       251499235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    251499235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      251499235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22327269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22327269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4920017                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4920017                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27247286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      27247286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27247286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     27247286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 754865146973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 754865146973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152065161315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 152065161315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 906930308288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 906930308288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 906930308288                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 906930308288                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169784911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169784911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108961610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108961610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278746521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278746521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278746521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278746521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33809.112390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33809.112390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30907.446319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30907.446319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33285.161256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33285.161256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33285.161256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33285.161256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9182021                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          9182021                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11477471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11477471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        32850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        32850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11510321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11510321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11510321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11510321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10849798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10849798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4887167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4887167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15736965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15736965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 271848626747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 271848626747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132278527365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132278527365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404127154112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 404127154112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404127154112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 404127154112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8757266176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8757266176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12144684548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12144684548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20901950724                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20901950724                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044852                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044852                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25055.639446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25055.639446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27066.504452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27066.504452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25680.120284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25680.120284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25680.120284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25680.120284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2479983049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       203427265                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    203427265                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22453757                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131397826                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91426305                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    822522300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             930203713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          203427265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91426305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            308265825                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       75939962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           8794884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1122488425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4674483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1457403                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          189                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        151096894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13550705                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          75750                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2321076023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.803455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.252499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2018452493     86.96%     86.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23582345      1.02%     87.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15572850      0.67%     88.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19049731      0.82%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21445131      0.92%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19661829      0.85%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17345969      0.75%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        22888858      0.99%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163076817      7.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2321076023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.082028                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.375085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       795300548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1175708010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        286042723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11152228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      52872514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1833685028                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      52872514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       828926124                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      821558343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    234074497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        262423188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    121221357                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1790754101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1437228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49728606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     60824203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1738426                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2003782254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4559788797                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4256223513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303565284                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1532537990                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       471244259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3564746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3674082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        281915339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    201459261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127046258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13863354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12326383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1637852425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6295560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1540407812                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9767115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    261498939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    386883219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1911303                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2321076023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.663661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.366380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1685055089     72.60%     72.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    248537782     10.71%     83.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    153910179      6.63%     89.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87370021      3.76%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61591560      2.65%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43626991      1.88%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     31323974      1.35%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7788846      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1871581      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2321076023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3195806     35.97%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12602      0.14%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3365400     37.88%     73.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2311108     26.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33082374      2.15%      2.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1108233667     71.94%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90719087      5.89%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189535744     12.30%     92.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118836940      7.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1540407812                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.621136                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8884916                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5212991130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1758825057                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1405736532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215524411                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    146958350                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105657484                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1408477900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107732454                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15831825                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     35162254                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       203730                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       150884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     18813846                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       107224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      52872514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      633225665                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10600952                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1644147985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     51833816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    201459261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127046258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4228831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5523577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       710333                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       150884                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6832078                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18297137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25129215                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1518812661                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185450999                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21595151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           302972677                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155793205                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117521678                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.612429                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1512576194                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1511394016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1008510975                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1737911626                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.609437                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580300                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    287636483                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4384258                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22588685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2268526095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.626009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1831244429     80.72%     80.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    154570830      6.81%     87.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90587327      3.99%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64722662      2.85%     94.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26029092      1.15%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17298050      0.76%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13828582      0.61%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8855596      0.39%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     61389527      2.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2268526095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    680028764                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1356596968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274529415                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166297004                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1523612                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141651502                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270286                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1282399756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     61389527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3850623385                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3342330600                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6834384                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              158907026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177846525828                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          680028764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1356596968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    680028764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.646880                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.646880                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.274207                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.274207                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3074344246                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1580299579                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185087797                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96580905                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      600226551                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3115624                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376730                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73091632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77628544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9326662512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1861658743                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11339532505                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9326662512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9326662512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24498647                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203518641                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1229831816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9136454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1165832814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260015345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1444710876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          408675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156614919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157051946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1217200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155317519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31002324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188837974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155317519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155317519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            407978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20042274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20480469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            414251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1217200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155317519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51044599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209318443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68090                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24190007                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18712                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  123                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18523                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3231773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19044                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24258097                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          317                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9071                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3222702                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13593                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327337212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 881914299                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1653852021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1647085791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442309                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111537791                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1647085791                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442309                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4193958522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1817031349                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717597                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417291301                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260318381                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                156972920                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178389455647.108154                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1937881564.891849                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010746                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989254                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
