
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64109                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   113239                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34694132                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680716                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9555180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203785926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    531267999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              749299829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203785926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203959657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9555180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203785926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    531267999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             749299829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2048                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1582.012551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            2229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.088379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          219.608815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.316297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.733654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.035445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.688389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.796250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.325745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    418.949369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    912.558587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.053615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.102283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.222793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.386234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          202                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4211                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1243                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1243                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2720                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6107770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1866704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124512909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244662245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      377149628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       347641                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       347641                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73531383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73531383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6107770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1866704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124512909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318193628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       450681011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6107770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1866704                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124512909                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318193628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      450681011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1243                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1243                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.791817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.726346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.481978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.397260                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.397260                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831199                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.831395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.791817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.747322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.515408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.791817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.747322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.515408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78304.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93335.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94614.672492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98061.020040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96260.752425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11987.620690                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11987.620690                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102985.130252                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102841.095105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78304.743590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93335.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94614.672492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99156.630726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97276.281243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78304.743590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93335.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94614.672492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99156.630726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97276.281243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5677856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1757704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117225806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    230826283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355487649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1474785                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1474785                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69615400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69615400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5677856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1757704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117225806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300441683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425103049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5677856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1757704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117225806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300441683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425103049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.791817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.726346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.397260                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397260                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.791817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.747322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.514295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.791817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.747322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72793.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87885.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89077.360182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92515.544289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90940.815810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50854.655172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50854.655172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97500.560224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97500.560224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72793.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87885.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89077.360182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93624.706451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91953.936621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72793.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87885.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89077.360182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93624.706451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91953.936621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2067.673099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           97.188913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.510634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    36.540643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.399776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    549.886142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1372.147021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.063100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             315                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  315                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          151                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4313                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5146056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110943444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220611340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338346344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        92943                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        92943                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67065365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67065365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5146056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110943444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287676705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405411709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5146056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110943444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287676705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405411709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           78                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.705128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.920112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.990210                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.705128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.930930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.705128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.930930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93564.654545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96794.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94580.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93837.235219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93854.741748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7149.461538                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7149.461538                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94859.073550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94725.091808                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93564.654545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96794.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94580.941176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94073.481033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93997.613958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93564.654545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96794.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94580.941176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94073.481033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93997.613958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4376824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94460602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187541643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287788705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57051069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57051069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4376824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94460602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244592712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344839774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4376824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94460602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244592712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344839774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.705128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.705128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.928772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.705128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79578.618182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82919.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80529.072464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79771.009358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80030.229422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80694.581330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80694.581330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79578.618182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82919.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80529.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79984.536298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80139.385080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79578.618182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82919.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80529.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79984.536298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80139.385080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1154                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               347.961470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.083189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.409285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   347.552185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.678813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.679612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32058                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32076                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166041113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166041113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166041113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166041113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166041113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166041113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82320.829450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82280.036174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82320.829450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82280.036174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82320.829450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82280.036174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131312393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131312393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131312393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131312393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131312393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131312393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79008.660048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79008.660048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79008.660048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79008.660048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79008.660048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79008.660048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          215                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.617579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.069767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268436000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.530236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.087343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.663599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4950466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4950466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4950466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4950466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4950466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4950466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.172391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.172391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.172391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19644.706349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19337.757812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19644.706349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19337.757812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19644.706349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19337.757812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4144907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4144907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4144907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4144907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4144907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4144907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16448.043651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16448.043651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16448.043651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16448.043651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16448.043651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16448.043651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2820                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.401503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.669149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126399000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.672519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.728985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.858062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.900094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2171                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2171                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2865                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35200845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35200845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35200845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35200845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35200845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35200845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.569331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12286.507853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12265.102787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12286.507853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12265.102787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12286.507853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12265.102787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26290543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26290543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26290543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26290543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26290543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26290543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.569243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9176.454799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9176.454799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9176.454799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9176.454799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9176.454799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9176.454799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3785                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.576628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   57138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.095905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019231014300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.079274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.497355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.891596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.891751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21862                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21862                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66489                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66492                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8186                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          933                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          934                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    709645183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    709645183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81469798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81469798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    791114981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    791114981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    791114981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    791114981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86690.102981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86668.928065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87320.255091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87226.764454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86754.576269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86726.044837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86754.576269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86726.044837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1229                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1229                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258492056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258492056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77886826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77886826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336378882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    336378882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336378882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    336378882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75186.752763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75186.752763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83659.319012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83659.319012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76992.190890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76992.190890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76992.190890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76992.190890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56808                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6346                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37634                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23886                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154170                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                268704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56808                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        489714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1656                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            102                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       760561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.644829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          678552     89.22%     89.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8980      1.18%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5119      0.67%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3883      0.51%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5614      0.74%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5487      0.72%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5139      0.68%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3456      0.45%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44331      5.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       760561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051356                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          158662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       497781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        472902                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          168265                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        68812                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        32680                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        451256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          177                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       538822                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1175977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1175977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       329711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          208960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            76915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67232                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1974                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          943                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            425217                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371376                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145745                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       232018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          647                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       760561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.208975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       609101     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57817      7.60%     87.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34970      4.60%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22672      2.98%     95.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16442      2.16%     97.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10509      1.38%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6449      0.85%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2212      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          389      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       760561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            814     35.07%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           799     34.42%     69.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          708     30.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3018      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280509     75.53%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59893     16.13%     92.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27956      7.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371376                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335736                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2321                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006250                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1509855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       573210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358406                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        370679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4651                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23121                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          128                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7832                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         353586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       427341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67232                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          128                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       363623                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57674                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37239                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27360                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328727                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358406                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248049                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           396663                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324011                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625339                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       735886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.372957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       645881     87.77%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35163      4.78%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13411      1.82%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14656      1.99%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6946      0.94%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3370      0.46%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2791      0.38%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2223      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11445      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       735886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154266                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66890                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44095                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30243                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11445                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150759                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             879658                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 345593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274454                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.170433                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.170433                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          725990                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         416235                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169006                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.118504                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1118503792251                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6138271061856                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45954                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32085840                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4664236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34859.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   857595614                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1601932913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3540544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       150912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       971200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10526848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       971200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         971200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11210880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11210880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       164482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               238381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         175170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              175170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3165429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       868303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9411544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13639993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       868303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            868303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10023104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10023104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10023104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3165429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       868303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9411544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23663097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104014                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.461704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.527291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020589992000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.112867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.348838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7900                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7900                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26577                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26577                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103836                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99619                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101347                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4593661338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4594745338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124941784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6712735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6837676784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126025784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11306396338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11432422122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126025784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11306396338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11432422122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.926525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.927687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.885339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40148.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44239.582977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44238.519376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72304.273148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67384.083358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67467.974227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71809.563533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55571.975808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55710.843146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71809.563533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55571.975808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55710.843146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       398600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9269.767442                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56773                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56773                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       746700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3311372628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312119328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104139392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5482787607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5586926999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104886092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8794160235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8899046327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104886092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8794160235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8899046327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.926525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27655.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31890.410147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31889.309263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60265.851852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55037.569209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55126.713164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59764.154986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43224.104765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43365.558828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59764.154986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43224.104765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43365.558828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      32042813                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3549.880101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        54089748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      32046253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.687865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          457.409364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.970450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.520159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2371.742008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    627.238120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.111672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.579039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.153134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.866670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17386024                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4578568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19201965                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7309162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               48475719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8379466                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8379466                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1170697                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1170697                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1386415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1386415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17386024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4578568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19201965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8695577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                49862134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17386024                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4578568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19201965                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8695577                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               49862134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       537879                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       322531                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21455758                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6974578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             29290746                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85508                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             85508                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2007626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2007626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       537879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       322531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21455758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8982204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              31298372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       537879                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       322531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21455758                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8982204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             31298372                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12009892485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6942999041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 473261150226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 172765369757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   664979411509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2254755832                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2254755832                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57977713138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  57977713138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12009892485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6942999041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 473261150226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 230743082895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    722957124647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12009892485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6942999041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 473261150226                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 230743082895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   722957124647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17923903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4901099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40657723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14283740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77766465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8379468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8379468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1256205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1256205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3394041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3394041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17923903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4901099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40657723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17677781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            81160506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17923903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4901099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40657723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17677781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           81160506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068069                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.068069                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.591515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.591515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.385635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.385635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22328.242012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21526.609972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22057.535801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24770.727312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22702.713393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26368.945970                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26368.945970                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28878.741926                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28878.741926                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22328.242012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21526.609972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22057.535801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25688.915871                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23098.873151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22328.242012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21526.609972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22057.535801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25688.915871                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23098.873151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4495909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4495909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       536001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21455756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6974576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29287071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85508                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        85508                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2007626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2007626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       536001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21455756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8982202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         31294697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       536001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21455756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8982202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        31294697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9108387597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5169346815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 351615195378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134385895282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 500278825072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3455445281                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3455445281                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46700807857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46700807857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9108387597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5169346815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 351615195378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 181086703139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 546979632929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9108387597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5169346815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 351615195378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 181086703139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 546979632929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10493268285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10493268285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15654234562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15654234562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26147502847                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26147502847                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068069                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068069                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.591515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.527717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16993.228738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16117.038876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16387.919185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19267.966294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17081.900238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40410.783564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40410.783564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23261.707040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23261.707040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16993.228738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16117.038876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16387.919185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20160.613527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17478.348901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16993.228738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16117.038876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16387.919185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20160.613527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17478.348901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        184016                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32347.656040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        33485214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        216497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        154.668259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18894.009265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.081273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   463.883035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   147.367327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5657.610586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7184.686330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.576599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.172657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.219259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320085                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21440573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6821747                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               29116048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4495911                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4495911                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35738                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               35738                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1833066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1833066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21440573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8654813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30949114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21440573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8654813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30949114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               171023                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        70159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             70159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       154171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             154171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       307000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                325194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       307000                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               325194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    218738618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     60665347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1420293265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9069938707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10769635937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1755987817                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1755987817                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13862563292                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13862563292                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    218738618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     60665347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1420293265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22932501999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24632199229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    218738618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     60665347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1420293265                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22932501999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24632199229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       536001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21455756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6974576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           29287071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4495911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4495911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          105897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1987237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1987237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       536001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21455756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8961813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            31274308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       536001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21455756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8961813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           31274308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.662521                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.662521                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077581                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.077581                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92764.469042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.522205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93544.969044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59346.974115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62971.857218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25028.689363                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25028.689363                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89916.802070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89916.802070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92764.469042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.522205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93544.969044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74698.703580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75746.167608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92764.469042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.522205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93544.969044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74698.703580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75746.167608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              118397                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   118397                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        70159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        70159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        154171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           325194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       307000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          325194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    185673758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51475761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1206133351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6917062351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8360345221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3458090790                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3458090790                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11657861655                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11657861655                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    185673758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51475761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1206133351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18574924006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20018206876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    185673758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51475761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1206133351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18574924006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20018206876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9349148593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9349148593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13940219031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13940219031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23289367624                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23289367624                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.662521                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662521                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78742.051739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78829.649311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.725417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45260.142715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48884.332639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49289.339785                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49289.339785                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75616.436652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75616.436652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78742.051739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78829.649311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.725417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60504.638456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61557.737461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78742.051739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78829.649311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.725417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60504.638456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61557.737461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33153690                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44706                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20313909                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12839781                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22353                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22353                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22010                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40657733                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137919389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40658245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137898146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137898146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137898146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137898146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137898146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137898146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44840958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44840958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44840958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44840958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44840958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44840958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 992828041597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 992828041597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 992828041597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 992828041597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 992828041597                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 992828041597                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182739104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182739104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182739104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    182739104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182739104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    182739104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22141.097913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.097913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22141.097913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.097913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22141.097913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.097913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       348783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 43597.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4183225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4183225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4183225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4183225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4183225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4183225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40657733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40657733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40657733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40657733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40657733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40657733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 775406660158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 775406660158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 775406660158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 775406660158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 775406660158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 775406660158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19071.566537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19071.566537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19071.566537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19071.566537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19071.566537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19071.566537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4902304                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4469407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4902320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.911692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4469007                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4469007                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4469007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4469007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4469007                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4469007                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4903021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4903021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4903021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4903021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4903021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4903021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  83557219521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83557219521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  83557219521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  83557219521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  83557219521                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  83557219521                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9372028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9372028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9372028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9372028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9372028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9372028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.523155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.523155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.523155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17041.986873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.986873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17041.986873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.986873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17041.986873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.986873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        31290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        31290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4903021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4903021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4903021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4903021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4903021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4903021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68502920234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68502920234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68502920234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68502920234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68502920234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68502920234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.523155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13971.573900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13971.573900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13971.573900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13971.573900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13971.573900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13971.573900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17927277                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.986594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5224958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17927293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.291453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.986594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5224643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5224643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5224643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5224643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5224643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5224643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17938185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17938185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17938185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17938185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17938185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17938185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284132126287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 284132126287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284132126287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 284132126287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284132126287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 284132126287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23162828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23162828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23162828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23162828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23162828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23162828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.774438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.774438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.774438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15839.513657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15839.513657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15839.513657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15839.513657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15839.513657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15839.513657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        19582                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        19582                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17938185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17938185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17938185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17938185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17938185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17938185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 229292581752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 229292581752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 229292581752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 229292581752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 229292581752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 229292581752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12782.373565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12782.373565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12782.373565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12782.373565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12782.373565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12782.373565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17637592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.790295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               280358887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17638104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.895069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.790295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180596956                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180596956                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98339477                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98339477                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278936433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278936433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278936433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278936433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22096731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22096731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4676516                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4676516                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26773247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26773247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26773247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26773247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 589798523720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 589798523720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119207746380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 119207746380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709006270100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 709006270100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709006270100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 709006270100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202693687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202693687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    103015993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    103015993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305709680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    305709680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305709680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    305709680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.109015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26691.664198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26691.664198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25490.717102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25490.717102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26481.893291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.893291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26481.893291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.893291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8328596                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8328596                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7803414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7803414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7857993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7857993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7857993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7857993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14293317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14293317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4621937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4621937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18915254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18915254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18915254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18915254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 327468719229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 327468719229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101906190982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 101906190982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 429374910211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 429374910211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 429374910211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 429374910211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10955520533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10955520533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16268582142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16268582142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27224102675                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27224102675                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044866                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044866                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22910.617544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22910.617544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22048.373005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22048.373005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22699.928334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22699.928334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22699.928334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22699.928334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3319965114                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       234627220                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    234627220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43181896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    199883748                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       105155263                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1460676399                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1074822956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          234627220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105155263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            335042112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      159051298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          89461536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     412666606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       766389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2194596                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        182739112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29902107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1259071                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2415080718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.832040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.277439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2088779494     86.49%     86.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20417064      0.85%     87.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14915152      0.62%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26884757      1.11%     89.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23149763      0.96%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28167820      1.17%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        20018494      0.83%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16991451      0.70%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       175756723      7.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2415080718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.323745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1528420827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    456603386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        309305789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6477692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     114273024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1945983309                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1148                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     114273024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1550378857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      149796199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    259224611                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        292644945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48763082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1863923503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       723494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7726731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32542451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       187930                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2023435306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4635156139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4635065015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        91124                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1205023060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       818412235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6268505                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6294826                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149635077                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    263253066                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    162266154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17525658                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15932968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1725952140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9048657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1554859232                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8248873                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    592136271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    788960366                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3353866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2415080718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.643813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.416397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1833182972     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    199666527      8.27%     84.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    126043866      5.22%     89.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     86264766      3.57%     92.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70528014      2.92%     95.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49526870      2.05%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36703390      1.52%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10970575      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2193738      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2415080718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4470604     41.62%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4122565     38.38%     80.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2147461     19.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18652685      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1153623499     74.19%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    239073440     15.38%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143509608      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1554859232                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.468336                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10740630                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5550583272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2327586264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1477350682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40807                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24986                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20271                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1546926757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20420                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24678570                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98688458                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       524343                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       498086                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59219868                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       201680                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     114273024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       84522814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2095404                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1735000797                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30383631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    263253066                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    162266154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7973038                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1055126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        78781                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       498086                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14334171                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     34009370                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48343541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1507489039                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    227626280                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47370193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           365406372                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158802193                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         137780092                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.454068                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1480300072                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1477370953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        929174948                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1432620675                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.444996                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648584                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    650010777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5694791                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43438189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2301714367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.471355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.429695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1946910638     84.59%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    126971555      5.52%     90.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57174895      2.48%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62649089      2.72%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33133055      1.44%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14851913      0.65%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11771554      0.51%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7777873      0.34%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     40473795      1.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2301714367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586970394                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084925192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267610890                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164564605                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578913                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125554679                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1080348318                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     40473795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3994873526                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3584633843                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25526534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              904884396                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            38250232                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586970394                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084925192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586970394                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.656103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.656103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.176800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.176800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2882156997                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1588066877                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20271                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      710513967                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5343423                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       944296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2851582720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       514268561                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3369642113                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2851582720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2851582720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358711799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       366276235                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       118037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        356447840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81419108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           438103908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51730076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51911403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2463319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       844249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2549461825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          459782581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3012633606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2549461825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2549461825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3365410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3397585                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         320706824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            327469820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3371940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5860905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       844249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2549461825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         780489406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3340103426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33153690                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44706                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12839781                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20313909                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22353                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22353                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21891                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3358861324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 269224771                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   514522975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           512807875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36701871                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  512807875                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1322463188                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        567405508                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133368086                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81503297                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51864789                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2757093055.682119                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             601768268.317881                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179158                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820842                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
