
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 297257                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   530082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              184759547                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466289                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1104110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    267415422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138897027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              471013290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    267415422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         267857066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1104110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    267415422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138897027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             524010566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.896603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083017721000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.896603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.556038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.556038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44045968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44045968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44173968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     44173968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44173968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     44173968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172054.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172054.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170555.861004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.861004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170555.861004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170555.861004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        81700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11671.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        89900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40966176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40966176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     41056076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41056076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     41056076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41056076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160024.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160024.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158517.667954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158517.667954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158517.667954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158517.667954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            11                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1384.504639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            11                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.454545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           55.797163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.656431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.225926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    906.158136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    388.667081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.013622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.221230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.338014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1154                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          111                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1398                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             175                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  175                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1154                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1406                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1878                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2199045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       506206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127041542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53653837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      183400630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13148753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13148753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2199045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       506206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127041542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66802590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       196549383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2199045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       506206                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127041542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66802590                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      196549383                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          175                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              175                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.916036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.556050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.940741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.940741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.916036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.571864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.916036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.571864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104716.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101241.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104906.310487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106667.667992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104740.508281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103533.488189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103533.488189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104716.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101241.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104906.310487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106035.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104658.883387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104716.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101241.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104906.310487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106035.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104658.883387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2084145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120368242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50911288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173841881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12443253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12443253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2084145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120368242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63354541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186285134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2084145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120368242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63354541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186285134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2056875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2056875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2693397                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2693397                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.916036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.940741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.916036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.568514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.916036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95641.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99395.740710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101215.284294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99909.127011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97978.370079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97978.370079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95641.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99395.740710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100562.763492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99777.790037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95641.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99395.740710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100562.763492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99777.790037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1336.873754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.657446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.795720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    909.654040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    392.766648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                      1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                       1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                      1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1877                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2011445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       461706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116244478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     49124945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      167842574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12017264                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12017264                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2011445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       461706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116244478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61142209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       179859838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2011445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       461706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116244478                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61142209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      179859838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.999429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.999468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.999468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95783.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92341.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95990.485549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97858.456175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95910.042286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94624.125984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94624.125984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95783.095238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92341.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95990.485549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97205.419714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95823.035695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95783.095238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92341.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95990.485549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97205.419714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95823.035695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1720078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99247910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42141968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143501956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10208094                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10208094                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1720078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99247910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52350062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153710050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1720078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99247910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52350062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153710050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81908.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81955.334434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83948.143426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82519.813686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80378.692913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80378.692913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81908.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81955.334434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83227.443561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82374.088960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81908.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81955.334434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83227.443561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82374.088960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 69                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          8                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                   812                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.906074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 12.112069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083021003300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.396765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.509309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          13145                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           13145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          13145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1634                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1636                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1634                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1636                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164543064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164543064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164543064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164543064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164543064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164543064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.110652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.110652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.110652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100699.549572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100576.444988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100699.549572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100576.444988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100699.549572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100576.444988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130365475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130365475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130365475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130365475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130365475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130365475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98612.310893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98612.310893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98612.310893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98612.310893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98612.310893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98612.310893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           78                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       8.970999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            54                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           78                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.692308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.314038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.656962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.541060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.560687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1580417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1580417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1580417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1580417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1580417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1580417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.440000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.440000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.440000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18593.141176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17959.284091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18593.141176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17959.284091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18593.141176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17959.284091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1314378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1314378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1314378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1314378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1314378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1314378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15463.270588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15463.270588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15463.270588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15463.270588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15463.270588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15463.270588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1164                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.347982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.112543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.051947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.296035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.065747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.831002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.896749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13710623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13710623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13710623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     13710623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13710623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     13710623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11668.615319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11629.027142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11668.615319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11629.027142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11668.615319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11629.027142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10066523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10066523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10066523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10066523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10066523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10066523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8567.253617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8567.253617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8567.253617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8567.253617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8567.253617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8567.253617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   437                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               231.730723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   15535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 35.549199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5082959528300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.400827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   231.329897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.903632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.905198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14680                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7994                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7994                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22680                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95224802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95224802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14090513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14090513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109315315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    109315315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109315315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    109315315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99089.284079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98883.491173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102850.459854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102850.459854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99558.574681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99377.559091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99558.574681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99377.559091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          175                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              175                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55659761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55659761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13440200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13440200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69099961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69099961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69099961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69099961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2133575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2133575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2797697                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2797697                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100107.483813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100107.483813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99557.037037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99557.037037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99999.943560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99999.943560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99999.943560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99999.943560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  406067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           22127                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        22127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14216                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8027                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        86547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 99951                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              22127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8027                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                30342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          14298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         59173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          276                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       188137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.026465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.529558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          158595     84.30%     84.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1206      0.64%     84.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1211      0.64%     85.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1628      0.87%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2186      1.16%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1594      0.85%     88.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2160      1.15%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1526      0.81%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           18031      9.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       188137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.054491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.246144                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           84046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        65421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10483                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        184154                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10483                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           86584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          36525                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        23960                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        173341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       186608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       435492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       435492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           78875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          522                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12773                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            157485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           139742                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        55950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        81267                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       188137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.742767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.533929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       138809     73.78%     73.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15080      8.02%     81.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10214      5.43%     87.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8058      4.28%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6438      3.42%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4561      2.42%     97.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3572      1.90%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1169      0.62%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          236      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       188137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            300     50.93%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           133     22.58%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          156     26.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2212      1.58%      1.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       107657     77.04%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18962     13.57%     92.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10911      7.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        139742                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.344135                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                589                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004215                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       469486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       214357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       131992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        138119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8552                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4628                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10483                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          30501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       158334                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12773                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          709                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3515                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4228                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       134771                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17835                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               28215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           14029                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10380                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331894                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                132380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               131992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            85401                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           141868                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325050                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.601975                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        60614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       177726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.500099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       144556     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12012      6.76%     88.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6407      3.60%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4931      2.77%     94.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3307      1.86%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1412      0.79%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          940      0.53%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1114      0.63%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3047      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       177726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50644                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21042                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12898                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10975                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              332942                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             327279                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    985                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 217930                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.018067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.018067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          264340                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         140555                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          58411                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782797729                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254507459                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63587                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   120023                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2779237816                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4602168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7197.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   457673778                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     863873882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2556352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       648704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8016832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12192960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       648704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         648704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8861376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8861376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             39943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       125263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               190515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         138459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              138459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              127793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        32429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       400766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 609533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        32429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             32429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           442985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                442985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           442985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             127793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        32429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       400766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1052518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    90391                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.840392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    90406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.444340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.835309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68244                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68472                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74385                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          88977                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        142629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           157449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       142629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          157449                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2767930616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2777826616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2570734176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5000825000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7571559176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2580630176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7768755616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10349385792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2580630176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7768755616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10349385792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        78723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       157760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         172580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       157760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        172580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.912325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.912325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43403.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40559.325596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40568.796238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176174.217105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67228.944008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85095.689628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174131.590823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54468.275147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65731.670522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174131.590823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54468.275147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65731.670522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18521000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11130.408654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55030                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55030                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       142629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       142629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1916757863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1923770863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2394871468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4082768902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6477640370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2401884468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5999526765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8401411233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2401884468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5999526765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8401411233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30758.771930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28086.833465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28095.730561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164122.222314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54886.992028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72801.289884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.476923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42063.863345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53359.571880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.476923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42063.863345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53359.571880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1608661                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4051.691125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        21256362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1612720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         13.180442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1154.605973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    42.272126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.990296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2171.395065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    661.425662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.281886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.530126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.161481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2756988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       233984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11020283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3881233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               17892488                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3631643                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              3631643                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       118995                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              118995                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       787262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               787262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2756988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       233984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11020283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4668495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                18679750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2756988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       233984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11020283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4668495                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               18679750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       821108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       500936                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1349875                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             24566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       318927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             318927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       821108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       819863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1668802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       821108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       819863                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1668802                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    522068045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122039568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18691111343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14682370763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    34017589719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1076867590                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1076867590                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18182198271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  18182198271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    522068045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122039568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18691111343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32864569034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     52199787990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    522068045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122039568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18691111343                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32864569034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    52199787990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2779736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11841391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4382169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           19242363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3631643                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          3631643                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       143561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          143561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1106189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1106189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2779736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11841391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5488358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            20348552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2779736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11841391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5488358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           20348552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.069342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.070151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.171119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.171119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.288311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.069342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.082011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.069342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.082011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22950.063522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24009.358253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22763.280035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29309.873443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25200.547991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43835.691199                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43835.691199                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57010.533040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57010.533040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22950.063522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24009.358253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22763.280035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40085.439926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31279.797118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22950.063522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24009.358253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22763.280035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40085.439926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31279.797118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              552552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   552552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       821105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       500894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1349830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        24566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       318927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        318927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       821105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       819821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1668757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       821105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       819821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1668757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    400246984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94129579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14020245664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11897770095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26412392322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1081724791                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1081724791                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16391037144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16391037144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    400246984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94129579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14020245664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28288807239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42803429466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    400246984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94129579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14020245664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28288807239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42803429466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4519478571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4519478571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8719918239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8719918239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13239396810                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13239396810                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.069342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.171119                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171119                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.069342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.082009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.069342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17594.820819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18518.508558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17074.851163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23753.069701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19567.199071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44033.411667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44033.411667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51394.322663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51394.322663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17594.820819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18518.508558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17074.851163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34506.077838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25649.887591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17594.820819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18518.508558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17074.851163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34506.077838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25649.887591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        107047                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32033.549844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1716143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        139358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         12.314636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21952.205343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.037743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.064489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.145514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   116.516356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.084346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4186.951241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5727.544181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.669928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.127776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.174791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.977586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22296                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4954                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       810968                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       415472                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1253690                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          552552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               552552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          300                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 300                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       169891                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               169891                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       810968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       585363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1423581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22296                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       810968                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       585363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1423581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10137                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85422                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                96140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53684                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53684                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       119618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             119618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       205040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                215758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       205040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               215758                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42466439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12059841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    949494023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4524231123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5528251426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    820280367                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    820280367                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10537554000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10537554000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42466439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12059841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    949494023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15061785123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     16065805426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42466439                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12059841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    949494023                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15061785123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    16065805426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       821105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       500894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1349830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       552552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           552552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53984                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           53984                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       289509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           289509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       821105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       790403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1639339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       821105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       790403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1639339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.071224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994443                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.994443                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.413175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.131613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.131613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93952.298673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93487.139535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93666.175693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52963.301292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57502.095132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15279.792247                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15279.792247                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88093.380595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88093.380595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93952.298673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93487.139535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93666.175693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73457.789324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74462.154015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93952.298673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93487.139535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93666.175693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73457.789324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74462.154015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               83429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    83429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53684                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53684                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       119618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        119618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       205040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           215758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       205040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          215758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36138739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10256076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    806648053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3324340442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4177383310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2948906269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2948906269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8812331485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8812331485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36138739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10256076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    806648053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12136671927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12989714795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36138739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10256076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    806648053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12136671927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12989714795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4028886984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4028886984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7767064297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7767064297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11795951281                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11795951281                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994443                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994443                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.131613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79952.962389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79504.465116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79574.632830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38916.677694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43451.043374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54930.822387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54930.822387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73670.613829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73670.613829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79952.962389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79504.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79574.632830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59191.728087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60205.020416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79952.962389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79504.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79574.632830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59191.728087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60205.020416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1265720                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1586187                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18263                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15419                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10554                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15414                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1140547                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33682                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2851907                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1684                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   506192                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   634355                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            913                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            771                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10111                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11841394                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.995981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33963234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11841906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.868055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.995843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33959924                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33959924                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33959924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33959924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33959924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33959924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12356132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12356132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12356132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12356132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12356132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12356132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 178695450661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 178695450661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 178695450661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 178695450661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 178695450661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 178695450661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46316056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46316056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46316056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46316056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46316056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46316056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14462.086571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.086571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14462.086571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.086571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14462.086571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14462.086571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       114533                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38177.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       514185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       514185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       514185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       514185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       514185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       514185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11841947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11841947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11841947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11841947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11841947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11841947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 131252643539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131252643539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 131252643539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 131252643539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 131252643539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 131252643539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11083.704693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11083.704693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11083.704693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11083.704693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11083.704693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11083.704693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       239319                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        390536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       239335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.631755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087114054300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       390478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       390478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       390478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       390478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       390478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       390478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239532                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       239532                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       239532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239532                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       239532                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4794423019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4794423019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4794423019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4794423019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4794423019                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4794423019                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       630010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       630010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       630010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       630010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       630010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       630010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.380203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.380203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.380203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.380203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.380203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.380203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20015.793376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20015.793376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20015.793376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20015.793376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20015.793376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20015.793376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3811                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3811                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4063783317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4063783317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4063783317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4063783317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4063783317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4063783317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.380203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.380203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.380203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16965.513238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16965.513238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16965.513238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16965.513238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16965.513238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16965.513238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2781456                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        376696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2781472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.135430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086422416300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       376662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       376662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       376662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       376662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       376662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       376662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2782841                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2782841                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2782841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2782841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  48891423384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48891423384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  48891423384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  48891423384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  48891423384                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  48891423384                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3159503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3159503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3159503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3159503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3159503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3159503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17568.888551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17568.888551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17568.888551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17568.888551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17568.888551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17568.888551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7893                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7893                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2782841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2782841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2782841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2782841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2782841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  40412714056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40412714056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  40412714056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40412714056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  40412714056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40412714056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14522.106745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14522.106745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14522.106745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14522.106745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14522.106745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14522.106745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               5458565                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.994421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                93382836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               5458821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 17.106777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.994421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     57139348                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       57139348                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36061868                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36061868                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     93201216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        93201216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     93201216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       93201216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6767335                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6767335                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1255240                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1255240                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8022575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       8022575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8022575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      8022575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 147884492666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 147884492666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37132211576                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37132211576                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185016704242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 185016704242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185016704242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 185016704242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63906683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63906683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37317108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37317108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101223791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101223791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101223791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101223791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.105894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21852.692776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21852.692776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29581.762512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29581.762512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23062.009921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23062.009921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23062.009921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23062.009921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3619939                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          3619939                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2381890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2381890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        10885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        10885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2392775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2392775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2392775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2392775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4385445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4385445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1244355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1244355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5629800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5629800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5629800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5629800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77783199037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77783199037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32566868271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32566868271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110350067308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 110350067308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110350067308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 110350067308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4716721957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4716721957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9083315052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9083315052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13800037009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13800037009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033345                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033345                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17736.671886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17736.671886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26171.685951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26171.685951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19601.063503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19601.063503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19601.063503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19601.063503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               811882034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57599257                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57599257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7448738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48933409                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29687128                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    416849610                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             284295180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57599257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29687128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91295542                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       27220920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           3097518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     167672760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       209948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       514879                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46316058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5234680                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         120816                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    698872401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.776669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.215513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       610550378     87.36%     87.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6406819      0.92%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4443707      0.64%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         7009198      1.00%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5380276      0.77%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6097553      0.87%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6200504      0.89%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         5013014      0.72%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47770952      6.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    698872401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.350168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       412015717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    181261287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84678692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1684598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      19232107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     531818672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          434                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      19232107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       417324797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       52679258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    115852075                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81023369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     12760795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     515558386                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        58433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1355500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      8049329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18368                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    566811487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1298723836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1288060298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10663538                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    427233444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       139578049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2925571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2959138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         39913722                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     77471758                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47386522                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      7089383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4193078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         493491599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4081109                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        463759024                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1252099                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    103189765                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    144471836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1221890                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    698872401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.663582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.405824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    517646754     74.07%     74.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     64724192      9.26%     83.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     43308088      6.20%     89.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     26097758      3.73%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20164337      2.89%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13908517      1.99%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8082870      1.16%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4090851      0.59%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       849034      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    698872401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         732598     28.02%     28.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     28.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     28.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       104668      4.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1037455     39.68%     71.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       740003     28.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3191129      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    340775862     73.48%     74.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2968063      0.64%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72930976     15.73%     90.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43892994      9.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     463759024                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.571215                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2614724                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1623918169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    595267214                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    447227093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7319647                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5611934                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3332369                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     459478954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3703665                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6820841                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17325809                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        81785                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       122669                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9998002                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        96235                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      19232107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       41853042                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       599994                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    497572708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4209698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     77471758                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47387318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3548659                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        272309                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        14348                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       122669                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3105899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5135191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8241090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    456024244                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70855299                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7734781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113800226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45629065                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42944927                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.561688                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             451241258                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            450559462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        290512553                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        453316419                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.554957                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.640860                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    112469582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2859220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7491084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    680001698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.566053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.541564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    552215307     81.21%     81.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     46266593      6.80%     88.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     21388513      3.15%     91.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     22841224      3.36%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11533527      1.70%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4778297      0.70%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3694734      0.54%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3112529      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     14170974      2.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    680001698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    204341459                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     384916783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              97535265                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60145949                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             421020                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40278505                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2542317                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        381187918                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     14170974                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1162633040                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1014035049                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6708151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              113009633                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59259665884                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          204341459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            384916783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    204341459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.973164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.973164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.251689                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.251689                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       902484089                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      487075026                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6014235                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3149260                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      211109095                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2628242                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2492555                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1194744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2702510528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       447800505                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3154077588                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2702510528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2702510528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2172088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    301491478                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       306624974                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       149343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        337813816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         70979715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           409033983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           76919                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        44864671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           44987862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             124604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        59726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          135099974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22385791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             157674057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     135099974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        135099974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            108584                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15071723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15328349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            233188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        59726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         135099974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37457514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            173002406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1586187                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1265720                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15419                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18263                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11483                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18259                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1140547                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33682                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2851907                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1684                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  634355                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  506192                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           771                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           913                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9204                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073253906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 252445659                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   477383656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           473081483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2011376                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32694312                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  473081483                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2011376                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1208797367                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        531107699                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3357636                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1642839                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   115919315                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  70998857                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 44920458                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59512307597.435760                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             560946308.564242                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009338                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990662                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
