
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 101364                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   180000                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56520473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519838                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5740606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    227195540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              983851629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435844505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5740606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    227195540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1291194867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.200777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048081000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.200777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.575049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.575049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249595824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249595824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250514824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250514824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250514824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250514824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177269.761364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177269.761364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175185.191608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175185.191608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175185.191608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175185.191608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1636400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10982.550336                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       650800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       650800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232631584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232631584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233282384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233282384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233282384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233282384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29581.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29581.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165221.295455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165221.295455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163134.534266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163134.534266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163134.534266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163134.534266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           147                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.661384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              52                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.353741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          120.203449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.039024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.836793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1229.583886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    426.998467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             640                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  640                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2722777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       608377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205504574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74291375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      283127103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34374442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34374442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2722777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       608377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205504574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108665817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317501545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2722777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       608377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205504574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108665817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317501545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.342690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.799054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.365565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.365565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104722.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101396.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102803.688844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105677.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103067.747725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102610.274627                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101699.532544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104722.192308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101396.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102803.688844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104687.684971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102917.842788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104722.192308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101396.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102803.688844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104687.684971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102917.842788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2580177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194464659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70456192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268075805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32518442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32518442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2580177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194464659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102974634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300594247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2580177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194464659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102974634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300594247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11326952                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11326952                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99237.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95796.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97280.969985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100222.179232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98052.598756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97069.976119                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97069.976119                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99237.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95796.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97280.969985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99204.849711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97945.339524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99237.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95796.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97280.969985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99204.849711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97945.339524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1739.073298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.934188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.223408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.837084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1251.768754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    447.310006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2490408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187347898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67908607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      258301890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31307196                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31307196                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2490408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187347898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99215803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289609086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2490408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187347898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99215803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289609086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95784.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95052.205987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97429.852224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95208.953188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93734.119760                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92899.691395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95784.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95052.205987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96232.592629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.798689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95784.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95052.205987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96232.592629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.798689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2128953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159645459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58214069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220458881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26543576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26543576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2128953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159645459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84757645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247002457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2128953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159645459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84757645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247002457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81882.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80997.188737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83520.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81651.437407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79471.784431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79471.784431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81882.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80997.188737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82209.161009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81411.488794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81882.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80997.188737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82209.161009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81411.488794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3815                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.558834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.683355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083159695328                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.326049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.232785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.852017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.852654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20660                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20677                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5024                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          5024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         5024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300188253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300188253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300188253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300188253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300188253                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300188253                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.195479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.195479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59786.547102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.846537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59786.547102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.846537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59786.547102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.846537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233997335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233997335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233997335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233997335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233997335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233997335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.168374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.168374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.168374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54115.942414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54115.942414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54115.942414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54115.942414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54115.942414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54115.942414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           91                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.070093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.626374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.344843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.725249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1846586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1846586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1846586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1846586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1846586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1846586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.303571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.303571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.303571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19437.747368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18103.784314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19437.747368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18103.784314                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19437.747368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18103.784314                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1545861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1545861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1545861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1545861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1545861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1545861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16272.221053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16272.221053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16272.221053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16272.221053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16272.221053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16272.221053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2299                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.103523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.091013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.008939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2309                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2309                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32466988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32466988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32466988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32466988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32466988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32466988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14061.060199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14024.616847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14061.060199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14024.616847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14061.060199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14024.616847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25374182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25374182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25374182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25374182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25374182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25374182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10989.251624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10989.251624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10989.251624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10989.251624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10989.251624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10989.251624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1210                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.543242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.108264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.117708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.425534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.719581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.721764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27206                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16223                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16227                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          438                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2670                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2673                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    150100909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150100909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38628108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38628108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188729017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188729017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188729017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188729017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67159.243400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67159.243400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88800.248276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88192.027397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70685.025094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70605.692854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70685.025094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70605.692854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          640                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              640                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83340476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83340476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36099955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36099955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119440431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119440431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119440431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119440431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3990372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3990372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7796135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7796135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11786507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11786507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65313.852665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65313.852665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85544.917062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85544.917062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70341.832155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70341.832155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70341.832155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70341.832155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773457                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38001                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28468                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15099                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       180221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53882                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        158971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           34                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          418                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       412817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.285744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360061     87.22%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2515      0.61%     87.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2001      0.48%     88.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2911      0.71%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3831      0.93%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3735      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5091      1.23%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2015      0.49%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30657      7.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       412817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049131                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          175510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       168963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48467                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          179662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340389                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       768579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       768489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127940                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          954                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          961                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1259                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            289422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1649                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259242                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135775                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       412817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.627983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.399657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316256     76.61%     76.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32237      7.81%     84.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20407      4.94%     89.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16317      3.95%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11316      2.74%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8556      2.07%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5338      1.29%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1952      0.47%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          438      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       412817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            497     38.65%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           412     32.04%     70.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     29.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2873      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199143     76.82%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35589     13.73%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21627      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259242                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335173                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1286                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004961                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       934794                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       384620                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247143                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4204                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14807                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8163                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94186                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           91                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1168                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7307                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251969                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33713                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25603                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20710                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325770                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247846                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160367                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251377                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319542                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637954                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.399348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       329923     83.46%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24299      6.15%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12410      3.14%     92.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10087      2.55%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6013      1.52%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3046      0.77%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1660      0.42%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2432      0.62%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5448      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104104                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42004                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25293                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20619                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              680739                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             599731                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 360640                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96975                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189230                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.429657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.429657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          485129                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268864                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110306                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048999930294                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132507555073                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 106226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   204750                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4077535328                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4752828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14726.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1564361336                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3015307810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3406848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       164672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2653696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     54508416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            60869312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2653696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2653696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     40030848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         40030848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        41464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       851694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               951083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         625482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              625482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        44192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       907732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                1013661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        44192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             44192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           666636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                666636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           666636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        44192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       907732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1680297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   288835                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.654718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   288850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.033985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.620733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.913796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.915920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               60                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       411203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          414733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        27271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          78471                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        438474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           493204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       438474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          493204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    508966664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47066417412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47575384076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9006845600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1178186000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10185031600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9515812264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48244603412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57760415676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9515812264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48244603412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57760415676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       411387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        414917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        27331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       438718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         493448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       438718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        493448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997805                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144183.190935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114460.296768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114713.283187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175914.953125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43202.889516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129793.574696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173868.303746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110028.424518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117112.626167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173868.303746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110028.424518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117112.626167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    403786336                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47373                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8523.554261                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55095                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55095                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       411203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       414733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        27271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       438474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       493204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       438474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       493204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466307300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42106909547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42573216847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8389750648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    837615600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9227366248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8856057948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42944525147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51800583095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8856057948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42944525147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51800583095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997805                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132098.385269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102399.324779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102652.108337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163862.317344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30714.517253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117589.507563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161813.593057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97940.870261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105028.716505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161813.593057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97940.870261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105028.716505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6812112                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4028.374111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        51560370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6816142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.564451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6073860695936                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1442.192185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   135.174138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.800490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1096.711563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1352.463096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.352098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.267752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.983490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21040572                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       347720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11836871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8492367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               41717530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11336134                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11336134                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1036094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1036094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2055308                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2055308                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21040572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       347720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11836871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10547675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                43772838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21040572                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       347720                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11836871                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10547675                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               43772838                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1283818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3876176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5309587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        91594                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             91594                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1759468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1759468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1283818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5635644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               7069055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1283818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5635644                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              7069055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3254552362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    151118458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31650565913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131743154623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   166799391356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2327376249                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2327376249                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88227625709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  88227625709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3254552362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    151118458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31650565913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219970780332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    255027017065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3254552362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    151118458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31650565913                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219970780332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   255027017065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21185212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13120689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12368543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           47027117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11336134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11336134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1127688                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1127688                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3814776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3814776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21185212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13120689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16183319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            50841893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21185212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13120689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16183319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           50841893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.112905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081223                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.081223                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.461224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.139040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.139040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22501.053388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30510.490208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24653.467947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33987.918666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31414.758126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25409.702044                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25409.702044                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50144.490101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50144.490101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22501.053388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30510.490208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24653.467947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39032.057442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36076.535982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22501.053388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30510.490208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24653.467947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39032.057442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36076.535982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4096203                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4096203                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1283811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3876176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5309579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        91594                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        91594                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1759468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1759468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1283811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5635644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          7069047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1283811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5635644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         7069047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2483193790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    124394884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24357063308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110317878296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137282530278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7840595051                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7840595051                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78264648998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78264648998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2483193790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    124394884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24357063308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188582527294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 215547179276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2483193790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    124394884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24357063308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188582527294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 215547179276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8646325560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8646325560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11887997950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11887997950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20534323510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20534323510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081223                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081223                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17168.098659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25120.130048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18972.468150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28460.492582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25855.633804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85601.622934                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85601.622934                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44481.996261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44481.996261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17168.098659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25120.130048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18972.468150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33462.462727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30491.688523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17168.098659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25120.130048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18972.468150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33462.462727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30491.688523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        867742                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32087.770172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8499303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        900016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.443502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17284.847002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.245699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   117.879746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    24.413925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2431.460456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12224.891161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.527492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.074202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.373074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.979241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       142067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4402                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1242346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3327814                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4716629                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4096203                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4096203                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 332                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1121764                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1121764                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       142067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1242346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4449578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5838393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       142067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4402                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1242346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4449578                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5838393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       548362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               592950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       366488                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            366488                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       362478                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             362478                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       910840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                955428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       910840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               955428                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    238660983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51128982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3880842963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50757974352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    54928607280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    820026116                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    820026116                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33284207775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  33284207775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    238660983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51128982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3880842963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84042182127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     88212815055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    238660983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51128982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3880842963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84042182127                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    88212815055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1283811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3876176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5309579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4096203                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4096203                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       366820                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          366820                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1484242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1484242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1283811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5360418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6793821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1283811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5360418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6793821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.111676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.999095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244218                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.244218                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.140632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.140632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92755.920326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92961.785455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93593.222308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92562.895226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92636.153605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2237.525147                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2237.525147                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91824.076978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91824.076978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92755.920326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92961.785455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93593.222308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92268.875024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92328.061408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92755.920326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92961.785455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93593.222308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92268.875024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92328.061408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              570387                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   570387                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       548362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          592950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       366488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       366488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       362478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        362478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       910840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           955428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       910840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          955428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202587694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43410314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3295664616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43067946810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46609609434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27855605542                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27855605542                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28066861833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28066861833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202587694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43410314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3295664616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71134808643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74676471267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202587694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43410314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3295664616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71134808643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74676471267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7756762465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7756762465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10570436708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10570436708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18327199173                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18327199173                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999095                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999095                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.140632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78735.986786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78927.843636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79480.637067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78539.262039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78606.306491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76006.869371                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76006.869371                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77430.524978                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77430.524978                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78735.986786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78927.843636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79480.637067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78098.028900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78160.228994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78735.986786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78927.843636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79480.637067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78098.028900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78160.228994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24139465                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68090                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18671                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        332                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   258                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18482                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3225040                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24207555                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3215969                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9071                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            311                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19169                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13120693                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138425006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13121205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.549717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138419517                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138419517                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138419517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138419517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138419517                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138419517                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13696500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13696500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13696500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13696500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13696500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13696500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 212251271769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 212251271769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 212251271769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 212251271769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 212251271769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 212251271769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152116017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152116017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152116017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    152116017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152116017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    152116017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15496.752584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15496.752584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15496.752584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15496.752584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15496.752584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15496.752584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       549808                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30544.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       575790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       575790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       575790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       575790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       575790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       575790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13120710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13120710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13120710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13120710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13120710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13120710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158613804389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 158613804389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158613804389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 158613804389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158613804389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 158613804389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12088.812602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12088.812602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12088.812602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12088.812602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12088.812602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12088.812602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       352718                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.983835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        434282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       352734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.231188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083931014300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.983828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       434040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       434040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       434040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       434040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       434040                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       434040                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352924                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       352924                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       352924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       352924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7105121772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7105121772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7105121772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7105121772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7105121772                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7105121772                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       786964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       786964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       786964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.448463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.448463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20132.158119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20132.158119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20132.158119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20132.158119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20132.158119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20132.158119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          120                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       352924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       352924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       352924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       352924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6036536487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6036536487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6036536487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6036536487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6036536487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6036536487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17104.352458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17104.352458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17104.352458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17104.352458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17104.352458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17104.352458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21187921                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9430976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21187937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.445111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9430668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9430668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9430668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9430668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9430668                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9430668                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21189429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21189429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21189429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21189429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21189429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21189429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 252262349687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 252262349687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 252262349687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 252262349687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 252262349687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 252262349687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30620097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30620097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30620097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30620097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30620097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30620097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.692011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.692011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.692011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11905.103705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11905.103705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11905.103705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11905.103705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11905.103705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11905.103705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21189429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21189429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21189429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21189429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21189429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21189429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 188100521520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188100521520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 188100521520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 188100521520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 188100521520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 188100521520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8877.092512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.092512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8877.092512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.092512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8877.092512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.092512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16157336                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.708551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               250768219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16157848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.519902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.708551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    145670677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145670677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103900001                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103900001                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    249570678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       249570678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    249570678                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      249570678                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24245025                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24245025                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4971930                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4971930                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29216955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29216955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29216955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29216955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 751652192795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 751652192795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150956311557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 150956311557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 902608504352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 902608504352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 902608504352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 902608504352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169915702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169915702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108871931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108871931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278787633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278787633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278787633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278787633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31002.326984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31002.326984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30361.712968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30361.712968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30893.311926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30893.311926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30893.311926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30893.311926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11331897                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         11331897                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11867370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11867370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        48538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11915908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11915908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11915908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11915908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12377655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12377655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4923392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4923392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17301047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17301047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17301047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17301047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 277266256936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 277266256936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130894900362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 130894900362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 408161157298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 408161157298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 408161157298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 408161157298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9000242841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9000242841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12366524705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12366524705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21366767546                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21366767546                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22400.548160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22400.548160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26586.325111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26586.325111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23591.702704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23591.702704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23591.702704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23591.702704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2458982923                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204784345                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204784345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22655083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131067705                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91845131                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    814387069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             934725256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204784345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91845131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            309980935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       77262051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          10145390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1140401220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4965178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1323095                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          234                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        152116033                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13979562                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          87923                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2335184881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.802524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.251316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2030841149     86.97%     86.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23959776      1.03%     87.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15702180      0.67%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19222906      0.82%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21482954      0.92%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19690454      0.84%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17253903      0.74%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23150452      0.99%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163881107      7.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2335184881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.083280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.380127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       790398389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1191665846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        288139094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10999792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      53981760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1844769483                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          953                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      53981760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       824334932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      839723395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    230788027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        264091246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    122265521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1802421376                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1585120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      51118951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     59902029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2074977                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2015154179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4588833392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4284661152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304172240                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1531829116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       483325173                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3596183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3716727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        280812937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    202584359                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127707305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15039667                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13746600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1644008849                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6290690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1544540297                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9853713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    268194000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    396024477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1900148                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2335184881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.661421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.360029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1694690701     72.57%     72.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    250735536     10.74%     83.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    156028787      6.68%     89.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88424637      3.79%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61217859      2.62%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44055835      1.89%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30651652      1.31%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7626239      0.33%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1753635      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2335184881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3272619     37.75%     37.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12791      0.15%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3115257     35.94%     73.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2267762     26.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33165435      2.15%      2.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1111249380     71.95%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90737555      5.87%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190134701     12.31%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119253226      7.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1544540297                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.628122                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8668429                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005612                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5235167555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1771458060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1410560201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215677555                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147201409                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105714718                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1412238432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107804859                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16109672                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36343484                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       183496                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       182866                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19561465                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       116445                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      53981760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      639915511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10585222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1650299539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     55091883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    202584359                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127707305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4262309                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5599497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       745299                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       182866                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6858122                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18380754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25238876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1523658846                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185864788                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20881451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           303791850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156141831                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117927062                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.619630                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1517376275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1516274919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1012690530                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1747243139                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.616627                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579593                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    294372267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4390542                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22774157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2281526354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.594336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.630218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1849028032     81.04%     81.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    150995367      6.62%     87.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90353522      3.96%     91.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62905956      2.76%     94.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25840893      1.13%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16844186      0.74%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13819820      0.61%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8838571      0.39%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     62900007      2.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2281526354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    679476983                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1355993754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274386729                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166240886                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1522670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141563802                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270316                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1281795449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     62900007                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3868238712                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3355696769                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6453168                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              123798042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177867460015                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          679476983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1355993754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    679476983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.618935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.618935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.276324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.276324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3080160313                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1584857758                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185174022                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96588770                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      602472890                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3126140                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376074                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72787584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77627392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9346059448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1865363974                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11362328816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9346059448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9346059448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24447449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1205426669                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1231688646                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9098448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1168257431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260526973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1447608929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          407844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156874155                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157310351                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1212136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155640551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31064031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189217619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155640551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155640551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            407125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20074051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20511393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            413388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1212136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155640551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51138081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209729013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68090                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24139465                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18671                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  123                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18482                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3225040                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24207555                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9071                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3215969                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           311                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14070                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327316555                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 883821268                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1657433333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1650654561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442011                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111867645                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1650654561                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442011                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4203013436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1821161913                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717019                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364263                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   418065555                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260831465                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157234090                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178385333481.830292                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1941983073.169708                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
