
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114648                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33674237                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549660                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              247296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        47168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            47168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432590405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240573236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              852821084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        162662821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             162662821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        162662821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432590405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240573236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1015483905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      756                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.305302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063474000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.305302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             780                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132193904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132193904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132693904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    132693904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132693904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    132693904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172127.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172127.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170120.389744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170120.389744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170120.389744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170120.389744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       967800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11521.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            744                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 744                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123038892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123038892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123391392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123391392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123391392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123391392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160206.890625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160206.890625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158194.092308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158194.092308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158194.092308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158194.092308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           12                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        49152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1385                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1332.061574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.001444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           78.780628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.410308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.064429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.054174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.635062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.955747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.912059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    875.291009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    350.958158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.213694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.325210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          489                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             629                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  629                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   92                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          291                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                291                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3676                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3279742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       936463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213179332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88217506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305613043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29152516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29152516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3279742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       936463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213179332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117370022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334765559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3279742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       936463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213179332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117370022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334765559                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          629                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              629                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.662890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.653437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.444634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.759791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.759791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.662890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.459730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.662890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.459730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79993.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66890.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88861.747395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95680.592191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90284.503102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100180.467354                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100180.467354                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79993.707317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66890.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88861.747395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96760.117065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91067.888738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79993.707317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66890.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88861.747395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96760.117065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91067.888738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  97                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       97                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          291                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           291                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199856783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83164287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286936380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27535668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27535668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199856783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110699955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314472048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199856783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110699955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314472048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244464                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244464                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.662890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.653437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.759791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.662890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.458604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.662890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74523.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61418.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83308.371405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90199.877440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84993.003555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94624.288660                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94624.288660                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74523.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61418.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83308.371405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91261.298434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85757.307881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74523.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61418.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83308.371405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91261.298434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85757.307881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1670.178907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           15.162415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.738787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.965667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1138.533920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    479.778195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              97                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   97                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    578                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2770546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186272595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78481758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268265761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26241685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26241685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2770546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186272595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104723443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294507446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2770546                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186272595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104723443                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294507446                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.707317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.831905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.707317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.842678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.707317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.842678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95536.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92607.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95037.038265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96891.059259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95264.829901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93720.303571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93720.303571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95536.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92607.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95037.038265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96076.553211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95125.144057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95536.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92607.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95037.038265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96076.553211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95125.144057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2367955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158728322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67184742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228910152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22246210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22246210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2367955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158728322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89430952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251156362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2367955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158728322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89430952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251156362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.707317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.707317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.840229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.707317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81653.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78641.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80983.837755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82944.125926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81549.751336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79450.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79450.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81653.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78641.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80983.837755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82046.744954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81359.365727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81653.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78641.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80983.837755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82046.744954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81359.365727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3109                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.366180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.784175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066704300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.807173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.559007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.852654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.854231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30927                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30908                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30927                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4277                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293324244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293324244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293324244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293324244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293324244                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293324244                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68581.773206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68549.718158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68581.773206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68549.718158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68581.773206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68549.718158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231174134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231174134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231174134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231174134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231174134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231174134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63877.903841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63877.903841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63877.903841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63877.903841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63877.903841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63877.903841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          122                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.593409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.762295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.263014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          407                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          407                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2521224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2521224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2521224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2521224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2521224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2521224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.246296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.246296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.246296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19394.030769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18956.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19394.030769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18956.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19394.030769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18956.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2110353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2110353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2110353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.242086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16233.484615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16233.484615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16233.484615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16233.484615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16233.484615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16233.484615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2432                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.350252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.110197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.285741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2448                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2448                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30736882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30736882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30736882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30736882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30736882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30736882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12571.321881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12555.915850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12571.321881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12555.915850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12571.321881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12555.915850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23192233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23192233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23192233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23192233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23192233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23192233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9485.575869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9485.575869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9485.575869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9485.575869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9485.575869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9485.575869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1302                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               349.191058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 28.971582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.012131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   349.178927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.681990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.682014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34036                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34036                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20674                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20674                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2759                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    211980527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211980527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33154832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33154832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245135359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245135359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245135359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245135359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76832.376586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76804.538768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81261.843137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81261.843137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77403.018314                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77378.585543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77403.018314                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77378.585543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          629                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              629                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96389191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96389191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30745439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30745439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127134630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127134630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127134630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127134630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10650075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10650075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018831                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018831                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68312.679660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68312.679660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77444.430730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77444.430730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70317.826327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70317.826327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70317.826327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70317.826327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  831193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48867                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7254                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35746                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21825                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                226662                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          792                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             47                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       457270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.947412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.421259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          389187     85.11%     85.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3085      0.67%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2794      0.61%     86.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            4007      0.88%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6247      1.37%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4066      0.89%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6295      1.38%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3271      0.72%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38318      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       457270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058791                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.272695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        417028                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60185                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        396887                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       435453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       994088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       993998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          150751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1363                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            367889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2121                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           333971                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108632                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       155359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          969                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       457270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.730358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.495502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       334484     73.15%     73.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40173      8.79%     81.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26293      5.75%     87.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19962      4.37%     92.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14865      3.25%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10615      2.32%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7849      1.72%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2535      0.55%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          494      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       457270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            828     49.82%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           421     25.33%     75.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          413     24.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4012      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       258408     77.37%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44818     13.42%     92.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26723      8.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        333971                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.401797                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1662                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004976                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1129386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       478754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       318679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        331607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5621                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16366                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9375                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           504                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          165                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6487                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324031                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42514                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33702                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25651                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.389838                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                319473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               318688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           207911                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           338865                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.383410                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613551                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       116829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       437277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.579006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.545668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352313     80.57%     80.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30386      6.95%     87.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16325      3.73%     91.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13172      3.01%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8058      1.84%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3476      0.79%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2264      0.52%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2826      0.65%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8457      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       437277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133851                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33171                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27935                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              798633                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             760415                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 373923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2773                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.209838                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.209838                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          642891                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         347518                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139685                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003928238143                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975431016552                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31752                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    60550                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2685029431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4562160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7450.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236554375                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     451107678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       471616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1593408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4343616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       471616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         471616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2488320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2488320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 217138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45130                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.948036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      17998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.398671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.881656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.930104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31612                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31872                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35494                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52134                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         67106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            84006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        67106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           84006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1284160402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1295222402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927333920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2348813000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5276146920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938395920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3632973402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6571369322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938395920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3632973402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6571369322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.963673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.974978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.909826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.926636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.909826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.926636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42546.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40622.561116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40638.253075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175921.509615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66174.930974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101203.570031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173869.581065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54137.832712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78224.999667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173869.581065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54137.832712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78224.999667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21537300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11395.396825                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        67106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        84006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        67106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        84006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7869200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    890283670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898152870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2726782192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1910051401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4636833593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734651392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2800335071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5534986463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734651392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2800335071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5534986463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.963673                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.909826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.909826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30266.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28162.839112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28179.997176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163869.122115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53813.360033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88940.683489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161813.691834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41730.025199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65887.989703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161813.691834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41730.025199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65887.989703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1141375                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3041.147409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         8630473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1144513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.540738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          537.207672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.477500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.930656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1965.718390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    505.813184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.131154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.479912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.742468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1315549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76008                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5780735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       767563                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                7939855                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          813760                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               813760                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51641                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               51641                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       192788                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               192788                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1315549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5780735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       960351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8132643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1315549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76008                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5780735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       960351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8132643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       274883                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1018576                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22816                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             22816                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              86246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       361129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1104822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       361129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1104822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    248750523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     33654718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16264308918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7974882677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    24521596836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    588803015                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    588803015                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3696642317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3696642317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    248750523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     33654718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16264308918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11671524994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     28218239153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    248750523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     33654718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16264308918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11671524994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    28218239153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6512464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1042446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8958431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       813760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           813760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        74457                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           74457                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       279034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           279034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6512464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1321480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             9237465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6512464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1321480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            9237465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.113700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306432                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.306432                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309088                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.309088                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.119602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.119602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23245.539950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26646.649248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22227.230188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29011.916623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24074.390950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25806.583757                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25806.583757                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42861.608851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42861.608851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23245.539950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26646.649248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22227.230188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32319.545077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25540.982306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23245.539950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26646.649248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22227.230188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32319.545077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25540.982306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              182573                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   182573                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       274879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1018544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22816                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22816                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        86246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         86246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       361125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1104790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       361125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1104790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190990779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26650707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12085319957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6442324454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18745285897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1365573745                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365573745                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3212652813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3212652813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190990779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26650707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12085319957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9654977267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21957938710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190990779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26650707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12085319957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9654977267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21957938710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3935069540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3935069540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6399408419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6399408419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10334477959                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10334477959                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306432                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306432                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17869.646239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21320.565600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16516.159657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23436.946635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18404.002082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59851.584195                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59851.584195                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37249.876087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37249.876087                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17869.646239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21320.565600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16516.159657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26735.831823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19875.214937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17869.646239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21320.565600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16516.159657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26735.831823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19875.214937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8685                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30374.492977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1117773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         28.161166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11079.729014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   172.912966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.919985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8492.891932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10569.039014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.338126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.259182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.322541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.926956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10470                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724357                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       230224                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 966225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          182573                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               182573                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1452                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1452                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                60394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       290618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1026619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       290618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1026619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7370                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44655                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                52319                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29048                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29048                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 70487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7370                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                70487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20379493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7103677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    689749384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2356748320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3073980874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    457288695                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    457288695                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1463882976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1463882976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20379493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7103677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    689749384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3820631296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4537863850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20379493                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7103677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    689749384                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3820631296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4537863850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       274879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1018544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       182573                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           182573                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30500                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        78562                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            78562                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       353441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1097106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       353441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1097106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.051366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952393                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.952393                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.231257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93483.912844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93469.434211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.790231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52776.807076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58754.580057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15742.519106                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15742.519106                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80574.800528                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80574.800528                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93483.912844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93469.434211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.790231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60815.804658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64378.734377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93483.912844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93469.434211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.790231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60815.804658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64378.734377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3606                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3606                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29048                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29048                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            70487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           70487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17327014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6039642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    585942475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1729292998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2338602129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1567413397                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1567413397                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1203960650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203960650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17327014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6039642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    585942475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2933253648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3542562779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17327014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6039642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    585942475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2933253648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3542562779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3507162083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3507162083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5693991001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5693991001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9201153084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9201153084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.952393                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952393                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.064248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79481.715596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79468.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79503.727951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38725.629784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44698.907261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53959.425675                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53959.425675                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66268.199582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66268.199582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79481.715596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79468.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79503.727951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46690.760518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50258.384936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79481.715596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79468.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79503.727951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46690.760518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50258.384936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591254                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746610                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8537                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7193                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7188                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15730                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1337864                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236455                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298585                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8863                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6512476                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16823429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6512988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.583058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16816015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16816015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16816015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16816015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16816015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16816015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6802765                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6802765                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6802765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6802765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6802765                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6802765                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91336422360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91336422360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91336422360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  91336422360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91336422360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  91336422360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23618780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23618780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23618780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23618780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23618780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23618780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.288024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.288024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.288024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.288024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.288024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.288024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13426.367420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13426.367420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13426.367420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13426.367420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13426.367420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13426.367420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       104585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34861.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       290147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       290147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       290147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       290147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       290147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       290147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6512618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6512618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6512618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6512618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6512618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6512618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64805290294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64805290294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64805290294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64805290294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64805290294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64805290294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.275739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.275739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.275739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9950.728001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9950.728001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9950.728001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9950.728001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9950.728001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9950.728001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        77327                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         92331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        77343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.193786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972599035300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92042                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        92042                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        92042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        92042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        77530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        77530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        77530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1360077869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1360077869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1360077869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1360077869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1360077869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360077869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       169572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       169572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       169572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.457210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.457210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.457210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.457210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.457210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.457210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17542.601174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17542.601174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17542.601174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17542.601174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17542.601174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17542.601174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           50                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        77530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1123200185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123200185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1123200185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123200185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1123200185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123200185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.457210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.457210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.457210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14487.297627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14487.297627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14487.297627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14487.297627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14487.297627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14487.297627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1326584                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         91858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1326600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.069243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        91468                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        91468                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        91468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        91468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        91468                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        91468                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1326831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1326831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1326831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20765441512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20765441512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20765441512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20765441512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20765441512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20765441512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1418299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1418299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1418299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1418299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1418299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1418299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.935509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.935509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.935509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.935509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.935509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.935509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15650.404243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15650.404243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15650.404243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15650.404243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15650.404243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15650.404243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1067                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1326831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1326831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1326831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1326831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16718202104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16718202104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16718202104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16718202104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16718202104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16718202104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.935509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.935509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.935509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12600.099111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12600.099111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12600.099111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12600.099111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12600.099111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12600.099111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1305463                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               503.188727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49920959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1305972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 38.225137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.188727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.982790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.982790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31287271                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31287271                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18538807                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18538807                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49826078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49826078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49826078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49826078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1611195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1611195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       355064                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       355064                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1966259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1966259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1966259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1966259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37514084447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37514084447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9721527587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9721527587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47235612034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47235612034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47235612034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47235612034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32898466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32898466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18893871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18893871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51792337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51792337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51792337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51792337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23283.391797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23283.391797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27379.648703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27379.648703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24023.087515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24023.087515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24023.087515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24023.087515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       812644                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           812644                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       567865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       567865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       571402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       571402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       571402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       571402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1043330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1043330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       351527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       351527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1394857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1394857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1394857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1394857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19342940372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19342940372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8422902785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8422902785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27765843157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27765843157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27765843157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27765843157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4106686561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4106686561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6661752281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6661752281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10768438842                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10768438842                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18539.618694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18539.618694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23960.898551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23960.898551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19905.870750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19905.870750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19905.870750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19905.870750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               395791512                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29588454                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29588454                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      4013528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25433638                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15213997                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207100781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             143584924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29588454                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15213997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             47008362                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13830329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            652847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      71072005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       179247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       139814                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23618782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2845689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          34177                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    335712268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.273239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       290149984     86.43%     86.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3736137      1.11%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2265470      0.67%     88.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3506335      1.04%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2820062      0.84%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3203438      0.95%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3205478      0.95%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2515143      0.75%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24310221      7.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    335712268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.362779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       204336374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     77324990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43717509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       774220                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9559175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     271660694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9559175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       206875801                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10155468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     62502660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41952457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4666707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     263316937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        25700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        297654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2532672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9651                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    289576958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    659972827                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    654908395                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5064432                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220956295                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68620654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1605467                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1629023                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         17194652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     39361146                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23717160                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3268498                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1963895                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         251611413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2144086                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        237528701                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       525605                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     49435622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69509951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       589619                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    335712268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.707537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.455975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    244757172     72.91%     72.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31576234      9.41%     82.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21355491      6.36%     88.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13314139      3.97%     92.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10394723      3.10%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7251325      2.16%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4442455      1.32%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2157011      0.64%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       463718      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    335712268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         453306     32.59%     32.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        50669      3.64%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        516803     37.15%     73.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       370308     26.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1868780      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    175044381     73.69%     74.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1361651      0.57%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37184815     15.65%     90.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22069074      9.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     237528701                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.600136                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1391086                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    809726619                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    300656065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    229044846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3408477                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2585816                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1542950                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     235330107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1720900                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3153891                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8465698                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        45155                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        52875                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4773994                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        61947                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9559175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7479392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    253755499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2175484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39361146                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23717456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1896474                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         64668                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7884                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        52875                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1598730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2863946                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4462676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    233383358                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36140279                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4145343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57705360                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23480046                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21565081                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.589662                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             230952986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            230587796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        148701329                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        230820646                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.582599                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644229                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     54715282                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1554467                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4024666                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    326332857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.609293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.556625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    258447284     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24484417      7.50%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11924970      3.65%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12462936      3.82%     94.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6317062      1.94%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2599486      0.80%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2114477      0.65%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1701041      0.52%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6281184      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    326332857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104345476                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198832464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49838906                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30895445                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20793488                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196897440                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6281184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           573231878                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          516674470                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3132676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               60079244                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59674373969                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104345476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198832464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104345476                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.793087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.793087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.263637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.263637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       460806989                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      249742558                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2723534                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1457944                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107785693                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1503956                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171538                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1402182848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       235417632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1639213362                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1402182848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1402182848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016182                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157911515                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161889105                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        175272856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37139561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212505563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23367482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23449641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70095375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11768570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81944573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70095375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70095375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7894025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8092866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70095375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19662595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             90037439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746610                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591254                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7193                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8537                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5414                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8532                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15730                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1337864                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298585                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236455                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7962                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072786399                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 131129080                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   250353831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           248171439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               961368                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17073370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  248171439                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      961368                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         634460508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        279376149                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1604228                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            784703                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60568016                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37159461                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23408555                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779203592.502373                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             293582806.497626                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004887                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995113                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
