
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  99556                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176764                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55487445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520074                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    230507428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              986280347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         434519750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    230507428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293623585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.267727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046905000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.267727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.579233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.579233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249014824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249014824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249968824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249968824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249968824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249968824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176857.119318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176857.119318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174803.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174803.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174803.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174803.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1665100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10605.732484                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       674600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       674600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232049392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232049392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232723992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232723992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232723992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232723992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30663.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30663.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164807.806818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164807.806818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162744.050350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162744.050350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162744.050350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162744.050350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           157                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1784.990267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.254777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           94.479708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.996184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.160449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.743748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1224.337945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    428.272333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.023066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.298911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.435789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2280                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5054                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             531                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  531                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          717                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3152460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204765461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75233015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      283556652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35014967                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35014967                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3152460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204765461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110247982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       318571619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3152460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405716                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204765461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110247982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      318571619                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.352383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.850374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.851485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.707692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.376949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.707692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.376949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       105082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103104.461732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104927.496513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103111.509818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102683.187683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101787.694767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       105082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103104.461732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104204.141777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102964.324176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       105082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103104.461732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104204.141777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102964.324176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2988660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193797319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71323828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268493123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33127167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33127167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2988660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193797319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104450995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301620290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2988660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193797319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104450995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301620290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7497919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7497919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11316036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11316036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.850374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.707692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.462721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.707692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97581.731621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99475.352859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98097.597004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97147.117302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97147.117302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97581.731621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98724.948015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97992.296946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97581.731621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98724.948015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97992.296946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1733.995729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.358097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.254282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.743943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1249.398826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.240723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.052917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     33                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     33                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2717                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2885252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186813880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68659931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      258729179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31803887                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31803887                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2885252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186813880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100463818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290533066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2885252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186813880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100463818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290533066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96175.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95070.676845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97389.973050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95226.050423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93816.775811                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92993.821637                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96175.066667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95070.676845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96229.710728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94976.484472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96175.066667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95070.676845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96229.710728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94976.484472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2468889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159188886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58864852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220836227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26972508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26972508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2468889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159188886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85837360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247808735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2468889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159188886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85837360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247808735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82296.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81012.155725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83496.243972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81670.202293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79564.920354                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79564.920354                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82296.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81012.155725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82219.693487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.667105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82296.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81012.155725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82219.693487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.667105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3784                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.263120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.785412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.387850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.875270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.853272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.854030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20749                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20766                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297723704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297723704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297723704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    297723704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297723704                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    297723704                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.193023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.193023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.193023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59988.656861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59952.417237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59988.656861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59952.417237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59988.656861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59952.417237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232014703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232014703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232014703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232014703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232014703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232014703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54057.479730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54057.479730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54057.479730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54057.479730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54057.479730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54057.479730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.079566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.534091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.342254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.737312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1540960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1540960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1540960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1540960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1540960                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1540960                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.295522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.295522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.295522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16749.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15565.252525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16749.565217                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15565.252525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16749.565217                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15565.252525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1252185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1252185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1252185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1252185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1252185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1252185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.280488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13610.706522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13610.706522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13610.706522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13610.706522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13610.706522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13610.706522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2301                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.105600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.113864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.014825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2311                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2317                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2317                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31827318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31827318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31827318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31827318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31827318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31827318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13772.097793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.434182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13772.097793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.434182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13772.097793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.434182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24722935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24722935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24722935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24722935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24722935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24722935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10697.938122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10697.938122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10697.938122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10697.938122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10697.938122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10697.938122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   984                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               418.480583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.396341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130256300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   415.480654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.811486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.817345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27645                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16311                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16315                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43955                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43960                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2357                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149933919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149933919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38832279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38832279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188766198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188766198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188766198                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188766198                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77245.707883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77245.707883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94024.888620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93346.824519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80189.548853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80087.483241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80189.548853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80087.483241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82441965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82441965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36390197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36390197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118832162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118832162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118832162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118832162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7784859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7784859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11772339                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11772339                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75358.286106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75358.286106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90522.878109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90522.878109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79433.263369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79433.263369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79433.263369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79433.263369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37865                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28749                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15082                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       177756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183793                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          433                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25712                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3901                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.284852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360333     87.24%     87.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2491      0.60%     87.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1965      0.48%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2819      0.68%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3930      0.95%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3762      0.91%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5157      1.25%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1972      0.48%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30623      7.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048996                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237822                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          173022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       171722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109895                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50215                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340863                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       770659                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       770569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212613                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          973                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29920                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2222                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            289817                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1644                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259368                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94010                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       136792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          828                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.627931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.400360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316666     76.66%     76.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31954      7.74%     84.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20363      4.93%     89.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16452      3.98%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11342      2.75%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8537      2.07%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5317      1.29%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1991      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          430      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            497     38.44%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           415     32.10%     70.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          381     29.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2886      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       198973     76.71%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35745     13.78%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21754      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259368                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335613                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1293                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004985                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       935357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       385567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14826                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8377                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           33                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          96864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          714                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          148                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7246                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252025                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33874                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54688                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25478                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20814                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326111                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160437                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251605                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319925                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637654                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6221                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.395636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       329832     83.37%     83.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24466      6.18%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12569      3.18%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10244      2.59%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5986      1.51%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3026      0.76%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1710      0.43%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2466      0.62%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5322      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104340                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42178                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25385                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20635                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187665                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              681630                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             600542                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 359767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97613                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.406738                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.406738                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          485582                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268917                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110379                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048993832065                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132501456844                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 104887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   202129                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4023979931                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4744920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14922.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1565206897                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3016329099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3418560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       173824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2440384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     52337216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            58499072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2440384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2440384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     38776256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         38776256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        38131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       817769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               914048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         605879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              605879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       871575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 974189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           645744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                645744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           645744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       871575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1619933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   288213                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.890180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   288228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.035057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.855123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.928445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            59                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               59                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       408051                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          411580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22578                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73778                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        430629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           485358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       430629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          485358                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    509751664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47258243260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47767994924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9027158600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    966917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9994075600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9536910264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48225160260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57762070524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9536910264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48225160260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57762070524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       408233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        411762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       430870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         485599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       430870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        485599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997394                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144446.490224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115814.550779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116060.048895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176311.691406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42825.626716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135461.460056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174256.980102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111987.720892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119009.206656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174256.980102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111987.720892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119009.206656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    407981636                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47577                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8575.186245                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55471                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55471                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       408051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       411580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       430629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       485358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       430629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       485358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466825300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42332223100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42799048400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8410058288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    682568900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9092627188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8876883588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43014792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51891675588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8876883588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43014792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51891675588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997394                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999201                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132282.601303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103742.480964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103987.191797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164258.950937                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30231.592701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123243.069587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162197.072631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99888.284347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106914.227412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162197.072631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99888.284347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106914.227412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6639586                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4037.485699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        47026118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6643645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.078361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6060638363000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1437.558826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.015772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   140.590484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.650566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1083.563874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1374.073532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.350967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.264542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.335467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.985714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19817202                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11474400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6935312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               38572062                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9853257                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              9853257                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1141879                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1141879                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1621296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1621296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19817202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11474400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8556608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                40193358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19817202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       345148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11474400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8556608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               40193358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1215702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3872564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5231553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        98917                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             98917                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1674069                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1674069                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1215702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5546633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6905622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1215702                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5546633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6905622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3157665107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123568015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29455673647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129976721994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   162713628763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2279922936                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2279922936                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84999892105                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  84999892105                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3157665107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123568015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29455673647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214976614099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    247713520868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3157665107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123568015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29455673647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214976614099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   247713520868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19956493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12690102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10807876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           43803615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9853257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          9853257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1240796                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1240796                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3295365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3295365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19956493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12690102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14103241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            47098980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19956493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12690102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14103241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           47098980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.119432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079721                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.079721                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.508007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.393288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.146619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.393288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.146619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22669.555872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30922.926677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24229.353614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33563.479388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31102.356941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23048.848388                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23048.848388                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50774.425729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50774.425729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22669.555872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30922.926677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24229.353614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38758.038273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35871.282973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22669.555872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30922.926677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24229.353614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38758.038273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35871.282973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4036158                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4036158                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1215690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3872564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5231539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        98917                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        98917                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1674069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1674069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1215690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5546633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6905608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1215690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5546633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6905608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2413669558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    101958140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22542714686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108549629054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133607971438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8607585986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8607585986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75516692420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75516692420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2413669558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    101958140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22542714686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 184066321474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 209124663858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2413669558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    101958140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22542714686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 184066321474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 209124663858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8353360659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8353360659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11626461074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11626461074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  19979821733                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  19979821733                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079721                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079721                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.393288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.146619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.393288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17328.252062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25527.826740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18543.143964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28030.428691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25538.942066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87018.267699                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87018.267699                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45109.665384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45109.665384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17328.252062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25527.826740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18543.143964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33185.235344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30283.309429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17328.252062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25527.826740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18543.143964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33185.235344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30283.309429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        830373                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32111.034157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8399727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        862696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.736601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17574.482616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.577421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.198946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   132.913716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    26.195151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2342.617362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12031.032869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.536331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.071491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.367158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.979951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       136575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1177558                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3349092                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4666766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4036158                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4036158                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 252                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1057893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1057893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       136575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1177558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4406985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5724659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       136575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1177558                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4406985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5724659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       523472                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               564773                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       366076                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            366076                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       348765                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             348765                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       872237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                913538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       872237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               913538                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    251735563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42076900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3568289830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48508247269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    52370349562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    712895148                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    712895148                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32200691522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  32200691522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    251735563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42076900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3568289830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80708938791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     84571041084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    251735563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42076900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3568289830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80708938791                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    84571041084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1215690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3872564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5231539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4036158                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4036158                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       366328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          366328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1406658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1406658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1215690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5279222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6638197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1215690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5279222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6638197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.107955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999312                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.999312                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.247939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.247939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.137618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.137618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92686.142489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92884.988962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93577.305937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92666.364713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92728.139557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1947.396573                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1947.396573                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92327.760876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92327.760876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92686.142489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92884.988962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93577.305937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92530.973567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92575.285411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92686.142489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92884.988962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93577.305937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92530.973567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92575.285411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              550408                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   550408                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       523472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       366076                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       366076                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       348765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        348765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       872237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           913538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       872237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          913538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213641185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     35721405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029963628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41163705394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44443031612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27917164902                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27917164902                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27176534843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27176534843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213641185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     35721405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029963628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68340240237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  71619566455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213641185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     35721405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029963628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68340240237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  71619566455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7495423846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7495423846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10338245849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10338245849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17833669695                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17833669695                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999312                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999312                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.247939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78660.230118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78855.198675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79459.866464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78635.925883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78691.848959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76260.571308                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76260.571308                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77922.196445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77922.196445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78660.230118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78855.198675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79459.866464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78350.540320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78398.015687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78660.230118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78855.198675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79459.866464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78350.540320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78398.015687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24235241                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        67864                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18744                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        330                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   256                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18556                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19074                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24303105                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3228729                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9041                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18235                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12690104                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138078849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12690616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.880390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138072842                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138072842                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138072842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138072842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138072842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138072842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13232610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13232610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13232610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13232610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13232610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13232610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 198295010448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 198295010448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 198295010448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 198295010448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 198295010448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 198295010448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151305452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151305452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151305452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    151305452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151305452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    151305452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14985.328703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14985.328703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14985.328703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14985.328703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14985.328703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14985.328703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       276961                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34620.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       542498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       542498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       542498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       542498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       542498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       542498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12690112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12690112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12690112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12690112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12690112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12690112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 146640151658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 146640151658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 146640151658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 146640151658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 146640151658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 146640151658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11555.465520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11555.465520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11555.465520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11555.465520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11555.465520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11555.465520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       349191                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.980392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        310156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       349207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.888172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083921018300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.980385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309824                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       309824                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       309824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309824                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       309824                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       349399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       349399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       349399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7001904724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7001904724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7001904724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7001904724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7001904724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7001904724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       659223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       659223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       659223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       659223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       659223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       659223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.530016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.530016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.530016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.530016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.530016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.530016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20039.853360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20039.853360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20039.853360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20039.853360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20039.853360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20039.853360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          125                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       349399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       349399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       349399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5945173199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945173199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5945173199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945173199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5945173199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945173199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.530016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.530016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.530016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17015.427059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17015.427059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17015.427059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17015.427059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17015.427059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17015.427059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     19959456                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10080221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     19959472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.505034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10079889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10079889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10079889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10079889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10079889                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10079889                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19961011                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     19961011                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19961011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     19961011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19961011                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     19961011                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235550630613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 235550630613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235550630613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 235550630613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235550630613                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 235550630613                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30040900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30040900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30040900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30040900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30040900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30040900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.664461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.664461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.664461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11800.536086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11800.536086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11800.536086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11800.536086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11800.536086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11800.536086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4352                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4352                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19961011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19961011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19961011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     19961011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19961011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     19961011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 175030503946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 175030503946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 175030503946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 175030503946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 175030503946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 175030503946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8768.619182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8768.619182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8768.619182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8768.619182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8768.619182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8768.619182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14082168                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.998981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               254194274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14082680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.050135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.023341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.975640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148085042                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148085042                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    104778586                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     104778586                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    252863628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       252863628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    252863628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      252863628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22048889                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22048889                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4557457                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4557457                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26606346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26606346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26606346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26606346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702902263850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 702902263850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 142179200366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 142179200366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 845081464216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 845081464216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 845081464216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 845081464216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    170133931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170133931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    109336043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    109336043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    279469974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    279469974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    279469974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    279469974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.129597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31879.259941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31879.259941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31197.047030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31197.047030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31762.402256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31762.402256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31762.402256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31762.402256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9848780                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          9848780                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11235109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11235109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11271750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11271750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11271750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11271750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10813780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10813780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4520816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4520816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15334596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15334596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15334596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15334596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 255931706041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 255931706041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123801813306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 123801813306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 379733519347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 379733519347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 379733519347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 379733519347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8694380970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8694380970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12094419808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12094419808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20788800778                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20788800778                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041348                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041348                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23667.182617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23667.182617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27384.837893                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27384.837893                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24763.190328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24763.190328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24763.190328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24763.190328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2379627609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204227661                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204227661                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22468002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131556929                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91434138                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    789296661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             933145458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204227661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91434138                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            309463524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       75848255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           9219296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1095815866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4258941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1104961                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           74                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        151305459                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13900338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          87900                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2261969879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.281048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1958143102     86.57%     86.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24017282      1.06%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15836960      0.70%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19093086      0.84%     89.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21320971      0.94%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19570225      0.87%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17229660      0.76%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23082787      1.02%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163675806      7.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2261969879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.085823                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.392139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       765426684                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1145069186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        288070107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10593346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      52810556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1841599495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      52810556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       798837612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      795269956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    231819435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        264219998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    119012322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1800115677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1471559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50592677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     57386632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1733253                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2012823524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4584090257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4280075534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304014723                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1535688496                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       477135132                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3603694                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3741094                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        274026145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    201705987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127781815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14231850                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13154164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1639720704                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6297402                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1543784026                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9774025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    260671557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    381957896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1907841                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2261969879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.682495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.382009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1626138498     71.89%     71.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    246840078     10.91%     82.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    154613338      6.84%     89.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87622353      3.87%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61261357      2.71%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44673737      1.97%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     31181168      1.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7765708      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1873642      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2261969879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3282750     37.74%     37.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13000      0.15%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3149607     36.21%     74.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2253266     25.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33119019      2.15%      2.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1110164904     71.91%     74.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90679351      5.87%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190079788     12.31%     92.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119740964      7.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1543784026                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.648750                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8698623                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005635                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5160368569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1759934318                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1410013175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215538677                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    146898084                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105685430                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1411620451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107743179                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15850237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     35033897                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       177451                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       158009                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19185640                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       115693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      52810556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      615594371                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10387908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1646018106                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     55618178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    201705987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127781815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4274537                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5489453                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       752590                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       158009                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6781418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18247061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25028479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1522968566                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185818971                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20815466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           304221760                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156320191                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         118402789                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.640003                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1516861241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1515698605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1012192330                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1745118125                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.636948                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580014                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    286661591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4389561                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22552892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2209481818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.615275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.643861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1771515536     80.18%     80.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153432187      6.94%     87.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     91458578      4.14%     91.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     65081800      2.95%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26579610      1.20%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17475435      0.79%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     14114548      0.64%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9130965      0.41%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60693159      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2209481818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    681610138                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1359439673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             275268279                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166672101                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1528630                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141975693                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1285233518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     60693159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3794145055                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3345997811                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5970884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              117657730                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177946540139                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          681610138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1359439673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    681610138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.491186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.491186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.286436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.286436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3083785906                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1584616283                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185182220                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96533476                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      602389914                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3114750                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72957832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77631904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9333548840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1863393411                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11348023283                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9333548840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9333548840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24544329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203852265                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230211122                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9119729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1166693605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260254734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1445794776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          409449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156656502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157094303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1214972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155432227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31031218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188979408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155432227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155432227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            408738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20047834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20486790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            415016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1214972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155432227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51079052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209466198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       67864                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24235241                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       330                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18744                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18556                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19074                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24303105                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9041                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3228729                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13454                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327301939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 882532578                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1655006622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1648235151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               441583                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111717676                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1648235151                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      441583                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4197234442                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1818458901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             716169                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            363849                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417571402                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260557384                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157014018                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178388023173.847504                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1939278765.152511                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010754                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989246                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
