
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 284850                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507957                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              177047723                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466289                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        78272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              137280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        78272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          78400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    270065285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138676205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              473663154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    270065285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         270506929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    270065285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138676205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             526660430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.859940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083018384000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.859940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.553746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.553746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43968968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43968968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44095968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     44095968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44095968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     44095968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171753.781250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171753.781250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170254.702703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170254.702703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170254.702703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170254.702703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       153100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7655                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        88900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40889792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40889792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40978692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40978692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40978692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40978692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159725.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159725.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158218.888031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158218.888031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158218.888031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158218.888031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            10                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1378.419351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.700000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           42.918493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.647039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.025865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    914.707873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    386.120179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.010478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.223317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.336528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           93                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             151                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  151                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1487                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1889                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2207028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128052128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53548819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      184415517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13120618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13120618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2207028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128052128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66669437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       197536135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2207028                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128052128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66669437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      197536135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          151                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              151                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.544331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.913669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.913669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.559538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.559538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105096.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104703.293540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106883.870259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104662.608967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103311.952756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103311.952756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105096.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104703.293540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106161.523885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104571.802541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105096.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104703.293540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106161.523885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104571.802541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2092128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121313428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50820019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174799517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12415718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12415718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2092128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121313428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63235737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187215235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2092128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121313428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63235737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187215235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2054612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2054612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2691423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2691423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.913669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.556280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99625.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99193.318070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101437.163673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99828.393489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97761.559055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97761.559055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99625.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99193.318070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100693.848726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99688.623536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99625.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99193.318070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100693.848726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99688.623536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1344.560741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.648054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.593299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    917.723803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    391.595684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.028007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.041033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1889                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2019428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117146584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     49050250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      168770404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     11988511                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11988511                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2019428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117146584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61038761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       180758915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2019428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117146584                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61038761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      180758915                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96163.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95786.250204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97904.690619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95783.430193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94397.724409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94397.724409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96163.238095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95786.250204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97195.479299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95690.267337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96163.238095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95786.250204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97195.479299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95690.267337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1728065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99972920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42089017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144260402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10183552                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10183552                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1728065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99972920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52272569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154443954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1728065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99972920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52272569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154443954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82288.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81744.006541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84010.013972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82387.436893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80185.448819                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80185.448819                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82288.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81744.006541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83236.574841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82238.527157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82288.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81744.006541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83236.574841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82238.527157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 69                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          8                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                   840                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               446.444375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   10079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083021596300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.399563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.044812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.871962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        13112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          13124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1667                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165569517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165569517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165569517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165569517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165569517                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165569517                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.112704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99441.151351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99321.845831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99441.151351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99321.845831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99441.151351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99321.845831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131640528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131640528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131640528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131640528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131640528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131640528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97511.502222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97511.502222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97511.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97511.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97511.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97511.502222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           84                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.758984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            60                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           84                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.317133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.441851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.590116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.609937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          128                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1739878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1739878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1739878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1739878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1739878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1739878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.418182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.426009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.418182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.426009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.418182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.426009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18911.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.505263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18911.717391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.505263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18911.717391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.505263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1451496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1451496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1451496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1451496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1451496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1451496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.418182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.418182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.418182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15777.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15777.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15777.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15777.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15777.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15777.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1179                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.344912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.052009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.292902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.065751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.830806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.896557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1194                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14096561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14096561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14096561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     14096561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14096561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     14096561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.888393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11845.849580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11806.164992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11845.849580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11806.164992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11845.849580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11806.164992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10405385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10405385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10405385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10405385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10405385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10405385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8744.021008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8744.021008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8744.021008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8744.021008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8744.021008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8744.021008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   347                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               322.621323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   10620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 30.605187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.462642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   321.158680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.627263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.630120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14762                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14768                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7990                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7990                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          141                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          141                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97182511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97182511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14120679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14120679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111303190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    111303190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111303190                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    111303190                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93444.722115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93265.365643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100146.659574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100146.659574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94244.868755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94085.536771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94244.868755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94085.536771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              151                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55894444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55894444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13454857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13454857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69349301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69349301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69349301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69349301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2132429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2132429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2796840                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2796840                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017095                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017095                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94098.390572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94098.390572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96797.532374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96797.532374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94610.233288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94610.233288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94610.233288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94610.233288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  407782                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           22310                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        22310                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3637                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14890                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8051                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        86500                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                100562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              22310                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8051                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                30498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          14382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         60226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          296                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14777                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       189482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.026599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.530510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          159786     84.33%     84.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1176      0.62%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1218      0.64%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1606      0.85%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2181      1.15%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1582      0.83%     88.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2232      1.18%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1542      0.81%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           18159      9.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       189482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.054711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.246607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           84831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        65778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27489                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        185032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           87427                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          34426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        26152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25625                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        173886                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       187634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       436805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       436805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           79901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          530                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            16292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12747                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            158063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          847                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           140412                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        56660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        81446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       189482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.741031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.527131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       139626     73.69%     73.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15288      8.07%     81.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10481      5.53%     87.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8155      4.30%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6461      3.41%     95.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4592      2.42%     97.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3495      1.84%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1149      0.61%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          235      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       189482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            281     48.78%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           138     23.96%     72.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          157     27.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2172      1.55%      1.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       108152     77.02%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        19089     13.59%     92.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10999      7.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        140412                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.344331                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                576                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       472192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       215649                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       132715                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        138816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2144                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8598                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4602                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          28429                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       158910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12747                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       135512                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        18010                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               28448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           14056                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10438                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.332315                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                133124                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               132715                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            85894                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           142640                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325456                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.602173                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        61188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       178977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.491205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       145642     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12148      6.79%     88.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6392      3.57%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4972      2.78%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3384      1.89%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1386      0.77%     97.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          974      0.54%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1069      0.60%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3010      1.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       178977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50644                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21042                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12898                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10975                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3010                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              334804                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             328509                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1020                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 218300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.051931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.051931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          265511                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         141196                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          58748                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003783050809                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254760539                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74526                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   140664                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3227743662                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4590908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6197.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   461868901                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     871761008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2580480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       654080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7939520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12143552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       654080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         654080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8818752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8818752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       124055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               189743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         137793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              137793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              129000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        32698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       396901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 607063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        32698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             32698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           440854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                440854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           440854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             129000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        32698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       396901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1047917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    91098                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.853288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    91113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.445930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.848440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.928028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4606                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4606                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15474                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15474                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74844                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          89436                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        143556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           158376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       143556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          158376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2783984159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2793644159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2566277176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5036264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7602541176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2575937176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7820248159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10396185335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2575937176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7820248159                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10396185335                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       159030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       159030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.910992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.910992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42368.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40516.709730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40522.833754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175868.775768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67290.150179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85005.380115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173814.924157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54475.244218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65642.428998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173814.924157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54475.244218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65642.428998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18455400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1623                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11371.164510                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55502                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55502                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        89436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       143556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       158376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       143556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       158376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      6867300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1927659724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934527024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2390409700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4112141700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6502551400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2397277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6039801424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8437078424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2397277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6039801424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8437078424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30119.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28054.193212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28061.024427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163816.454221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54942.837101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72706.196610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161759.581646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42072.789880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53272.455574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161759.581646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42072.789880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53272.455574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1585563                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4020.983836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        18749621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1589602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         11.795167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1151.800381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    41.893280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.766433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2167.647839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    637.873628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.281201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.529211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.155731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2657739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       210771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11044108                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2458507                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               16371125                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2660540                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2660540                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       105053                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              105053                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       596218                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               596218                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2657739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       210771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11044108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3054725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16967343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2657739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       210771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11044108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3054725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16967343                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       798006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       488529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1314273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31930                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31930                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       293195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             293195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       798006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       781724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1607468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       798006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       781724                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1607468                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    521006222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    119185196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18194225305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14407722297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    33242139020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1066995077                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1066995077                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16975494451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16975494451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    521006222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    119185196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18194225305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31383216748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     50217633471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    521006222                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    119185196                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18194225305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31383216748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    50217633471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2680534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       215714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11842114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2947036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17685398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2660540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2660540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136983                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136983                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       889413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           889413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2680534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       215714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11842114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3836449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18574811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2680534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       215714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11842114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3836449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18574811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.074314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.233095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.329650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.086540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.086540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22856.162404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24111.915031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22799.609658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29492.051233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25293.176547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33416.695177                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33416.695177                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57898.308126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57898.308126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22856.162404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24111.915031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22799.609658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40146.159959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31240.207252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22856.162404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24111.915031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22799.609658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40146.159959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31240.207252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              506887                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   506887                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       798004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       488499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1314241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31930                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        31930                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       293195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        293195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       798004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       781694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1607436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       798004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       781694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1607436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    398922527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91945150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13654448846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11690936361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25836252884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1780402093                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780402093                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15328562503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15328562503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    398922527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91945150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13654448846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27019498864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41164815387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    398922527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91945150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13654448846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27019498864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41164815387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4532232401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4532232401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8748875200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8748875200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13281107601                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13281107601                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233095                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233095                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17500.439877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18601.082339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17110.752385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23932.364981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19658.687321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55759.539399                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55759.539399                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52281.118379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52281.118379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17500.439877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18601.082339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17110.752385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34565.314386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25608.991827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17500.439877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18601.082339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17110.752385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34565.314386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25608.991827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        106096                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31989.929778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1637251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        138404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.829506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21711.995945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.040152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.007135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.159294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   110.248471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    44.645347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4251.018604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5866.814181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.662598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.129731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.179041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.976255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4815                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       787783                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       402769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1217734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          506887                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               506887                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          494                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 494                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       152241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               152241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       787783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       555010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1369975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4815                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       787783                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       555010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1369975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                96507                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54655                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54655                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       117735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             117735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       203465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                214242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       203465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               214242                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39856525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11973434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    956683538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4535592003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5544105500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    816614052                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    816614052                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10354168995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10354168995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39856525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11973434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    956683538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14889760998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15898274495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39856525                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11973434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    956683538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14889760998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15898274495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       798004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       488499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1314241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       506887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           506887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       269976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           269976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       798004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       758475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1584217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       798004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       758475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1584217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991042                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991042                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.436094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.436094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.135235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.135235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93122.721963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93542.453125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93599.798258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52905.540686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57447.703275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14941.250608                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14941.250608                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87944.697796                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87944.697796                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93122.721963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93542.453125                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93599.798258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73180.945116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74207.085889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93122.721963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93542.453125                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93599.798258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73180.945116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74207.085889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               82292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    82292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54655                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54655                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       117735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        117735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       203465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           214242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       203465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          214242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33867344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10183210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    812599243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3330218902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4186868699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3028773235                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3028773235                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8656278670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8656278670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33867344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10183210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    812599243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11986497572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12843147369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33867344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10183210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    812599243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11986497572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12843147369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4039569290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4039569290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7794439719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7794439719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11834009009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11834009009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991042                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991042                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.436094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.135235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79129.308411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79556.328125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79502.909989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38845.432194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43384.093371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55416.215076                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55416.215076                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73523.409946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73523.409946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79129.308411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79556.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79502.909989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58911.840228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59946.916893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79129.308411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79556.328125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79502.909989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58911.840228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59946.916893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1274052                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1605679                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18392                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15528                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10661                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15523                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1151675                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33920                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2879731                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1696                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   509524                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   642150                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            919                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            776                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10147                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11842118                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                34024075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11842630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.873017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34021030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34021030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34021030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        34021030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34021030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       34021030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12343489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12343489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12343489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12343489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12343489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12343489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 166250734066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 166250734066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 166250734066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 166250734066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 166250734066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 166250734066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46364519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46364519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46364519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46364519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46364519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46364519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13468.698685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13468.698685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13468.698685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13468.698685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13468.698685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13468.698685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35951.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       500894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       500894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       500894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       500894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       500894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       500894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11842595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11842595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11842595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11842595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11842595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11842595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119016126382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119016126382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119016126382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 119016126382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119016126382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 119016126382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10049.835056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10049.835056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10049.835056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10049.835056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10049.835056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10049.835056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       215898                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        273748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       215914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.267857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087109678300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       273680                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       273680                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       273680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       273680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       273680                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       273680                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       216111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       216111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       216111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       216111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       216111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       216111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3820182426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3820182426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3820182426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3820182426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3820182426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3820182426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       489791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       489791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       489791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.441231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.441231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.441231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17676.945764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17676.945764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17676.945764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17676.945764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17676.945764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17676.945764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3892                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3892                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       216111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       216111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       216111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3158429706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158429706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3158429706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158429706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3158429706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158429706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.441231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14614.849341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14614.849341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14614.849341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14614.849341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14614.849341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14614.849341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2682167                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        370479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2682183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.138126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086419751300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370445                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       370445                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       370445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370445                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       370445                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2683517                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2683517                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2683517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2683517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2683517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2683517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44222747801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44222747801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44222747801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  44222747801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44222747801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  44222747801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3053962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3053962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3053962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3053962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3053962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3053962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16479.399162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16479.399162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16479.399162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16479.399162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16479.399162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16479.399162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7803                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7803                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2683517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2683517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2683517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2683517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2683517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2683517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36037321638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36037321638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36037321638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36037321638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36037321638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36037321638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13429.138566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13429.138566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13429.138566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13429.138566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13429.138566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13429.138566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3805091                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.422029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96230666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3805598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.286608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086669794300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.421890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59506150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59506150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36547145                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36547145                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96053295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96053295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96053295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96053295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4645561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4645561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1032216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1032216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5677777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5677777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5677777                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5677777                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101082937936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 101082937936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32474375051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32474375051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133557312987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 133557312987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133557312987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 133557312987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64151711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64151711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37579361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37579361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101731072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101731072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101731072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101731072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21759.037915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21759.037915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31460.832860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31460.832860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23522.817643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23522.817643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23522.817643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23522.817643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2648846                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2648846                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1695240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1695240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        11604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        11604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1706844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1706844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1706844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1706844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2950321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2950321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1020612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1020612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3970933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3970933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3970933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3970933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51260593626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51260593626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28662672810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28662672810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79923266436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  79923266436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79923266436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79923266436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4731231336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4731231336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9110030587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9110030587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13841261923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13841261923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17374.581826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17374.581826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28083.809332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28083.809332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20127.075031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.075031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20127.075031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20127.075031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               766962417                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57484755                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57484755                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7456103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48750118                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29700204                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    399932155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             283489387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57484755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29700204                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91055291                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26538594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2475858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     154185319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       204330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       320602                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46364521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5316731                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          94984                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    666728832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.811966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.258709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       578652076     86.79%     86.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6302989      0.95%     87.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4490332      0.67%     88.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6988089      1.05%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5395399      0.81%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6107593      0.92%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6176662      0.93%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4991734      0.75%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47623958      7.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    666728832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.369626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       395561482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    166475363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84562898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1573849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18555240                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     530546962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          436                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18555240                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       400648505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       49819358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    105038429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81044983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11622317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     514421595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        51867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        894208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7404240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        16224                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    565685286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1295745916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1285390668                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10355248                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    430580181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       135105111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2930992                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2955676                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37512441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     77320085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47098116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6924037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4086338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         491890234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4084032                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        463396026                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1147681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98211627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    139522654                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1203185                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    666728832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.695029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.440447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    487903139     73.18%     73.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62693217      9.40%     82.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42441556      6.37%     88.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25902953      3.89%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20257500      3.04%     95.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14097272      2.11%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8332258      1.25%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4206566      0.63%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       894371      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    666728832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         787760     29.75%     29.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       104829      3.96%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1030763     38.93%     72.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       724513     27.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3158269      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    340712970     73.53%     74.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2836953      0.61%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72902761     15.73%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43785073      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     463396026                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.604197                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2647865                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1591205508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    589044481                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    447072959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7056216                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5259046                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3202401                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     459318455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3567167                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6590953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16703986                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        83428                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       122793                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9446711                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        96265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18555240                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       40327875                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       472479                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    495974266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4268943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     77320085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47098643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3550217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        191543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        15203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       122793                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3127420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5103826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8231246                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    455641720                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70868207                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7754307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113675284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45696327                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42807077                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.594086                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             450932191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            450275360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        290271620                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        451885518                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.587089                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642357                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    107846203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2880848                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7482135                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    648537736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.566865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    518444523     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47140318      7.27%     87.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22024845      3.40%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23518204      3.63%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11868079      1.83%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4889178      0.75%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3878531      0.60%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3196047      0.49%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13578011      2.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    648537736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    205926103                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     387930429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              98268031                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60616099                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             425334                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40600742                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2574770                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        384161979                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13578011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1130149571                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1010141238                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5891881                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              100233585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59304582649                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          205926103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            387930429                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    205926103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.724455                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.724455                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.268496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.268496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       903241275                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      487350304                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5723652                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3023930                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      210918585                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2647493                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2520847                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1210832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2730442904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       452198274                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3186452081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2730442904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2730442904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2189220                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    304420889                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       309571517                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       151354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        341305363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71662918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           413211499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45304673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45428461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             126019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          136496327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22605638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             159292473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     136496327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        136496327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15218166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15475649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            235459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         136496327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37823804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            174768122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1605679                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1274052                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15528                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18392                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11639                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18388                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1151675                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33920                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2879731                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1696                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  642150                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  509524                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           776                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           919                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9242                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073281883                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 255056138                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   482257136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           477892921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2050830                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33035512                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  477892921                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2050830                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1221030223                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        536523709                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3423648                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1675179                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   117039055                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71680280                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45358775                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59506607729.005211                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             566674153.994789                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009433                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990567                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
