
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55926                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98791                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30166146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682962                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       198464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              278528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9207719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    538738412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              756075320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203612196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9207719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    538738412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             756075320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             3                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2275.629088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          300.317731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.045630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.811065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.791432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1380.455744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.036660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.067724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.277787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4012                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1026                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1026                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5415835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121016265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245537387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      373766974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       484164                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       484164                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73697380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73697380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5415835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121016265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319234767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       447464354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5415835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121016265                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319234767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      447464354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1026                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1026                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.475761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.958221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.518404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.518404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102185.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105734.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103344.376601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102692.340862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102655.032683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16695.310345                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16695.310345                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103799.126761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103653.136428                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102185.566038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105734.529412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103344.376601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102945.748791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102818.096048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102185.566038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105734.529412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103344.376601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102945.748791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102818.096048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   2                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        2                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114556765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232287787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353671874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1475886                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1475886                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69804180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69804180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114556765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302091967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423476054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114556765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302091967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423476054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.517213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96653.490566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100275.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97828.151153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97150.893768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97376.617291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50892.620690                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50892.620690                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98315.746479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98315.746479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96653.490566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100275.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97828.151153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97417.596582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97530.182865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96653.490566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100275.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97828.151153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97417.596582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97530.182865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1984.744334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.181626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.499933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.489417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.865252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1383.380439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               2                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    2                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4944135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110577994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224212677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      341380301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67375786                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67375786                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4944135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110577994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291588463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       408756087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4944135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110577994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291588463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      408756087                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96793.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94430.396243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93773.599749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93760.038726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94895.473239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94762.005626                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.566038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96793.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94430.396243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94030.462109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.733226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.566038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96793.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94430.396243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94030.462109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.733226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4203034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94121146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190578065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290312161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57324861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4203034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94121146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247902926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347637022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4203034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94121146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247902926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347637022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79302.528302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82936.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80376.725875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79706.426182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79931.762390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80739.240845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80739.240845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79302.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82936.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80376.725875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79942.897775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80063.800553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79302.528302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82936.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80376.725875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79942.897775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80063.800553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1153                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               349.305408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.084128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.902024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.681449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.682237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32378                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1974                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161039617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161039617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161039617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161039617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161039617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161039617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81621.701470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81580.353090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81621.701470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81580.353090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81621.701470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81580.353090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127919485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127919485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127919485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127919485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127919485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127919485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77013.537026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77013.537026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77013.537026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77013.537026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77013.537026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77013.537026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          196                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.661332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.275510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265816000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.517176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.144156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1187                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4376810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4376810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4376810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.166433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.166433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.166433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.592275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18467.552743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.592275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18467.552743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.592275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18467.552743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3635350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3635350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3635350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3635350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3635350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3635350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.360515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.360515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.360515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.360515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.360515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.360515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2847                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.275000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.705304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124830300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.665034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.609967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34287599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34287599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34287599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34287599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34287599                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34287599                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.572983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.572983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.572983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11856.016252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11835.553676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11856.016252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11835.553676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11856.016252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11835.553676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25314042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25314042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25314042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25314042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25314042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25314042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8753.126556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8753.126556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8753.126556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8753.126556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8753.126556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8753.126556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3175                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   41074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.936693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081958300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45899                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45902                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21993                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21993                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67892                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7431                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          802                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8231                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    705489389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705489389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79948739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79948739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    785438128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    785438128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    785438128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    785438128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94964.246736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94938.687794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99686.706983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99562.564134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95424.386830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95389.619626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95424.386830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95389.619626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1008                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1008                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255587614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255587614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76852495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76852495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332440109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332440109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332440109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332440109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86786.965705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86786.965705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95945.686642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95945.686642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88745.357448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88745.357448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88745.357448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88745.357448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57154                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37651                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24454                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                268950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24454                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        483161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1929                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       753902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.652755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.052249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671655     89.09%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9039      1.20%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5230      0.69%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3678      0.49%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5557      0.74%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5549      0.74%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5257      0.70%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3431      0.46%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44506      5.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       753902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159315                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       490883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4583                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        473919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          168912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         397964                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        451943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          199                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       541993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1177035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1177035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       335292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2139                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29944                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1798                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            426117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2145                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           373497                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       226742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          668                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       753902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.495419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603976     80.11%     80.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55868      7.41%     87.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34525      4.58%     92.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22607      3.00%     95.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16527      2.19%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10914      1.45%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6747      0.89%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2306      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          432      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       753902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            763     32.69%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           845     36.20%     68.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          726     31.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3046      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       282527     75.64%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60365     16.16%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27559      7.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        373497                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337641                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2334                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006249                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1506934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       571264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       360399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        372785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22733                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          116                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7149                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         358072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       428262                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29944                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          116                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1929                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7526                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       365703                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58088                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37717                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26943                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330595                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                361417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               360399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250270                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399647                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325800                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626228                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6571                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       637647     87.37%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35927      4.92%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13978      1.92%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15212      2.08%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7142      0.98%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3568      0.49%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2917      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2249      0.31%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11166      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156512                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        278500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67434                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44639                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30764                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           278122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11166                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1145774                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             880681                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 352295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               278500                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.067809                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.067809                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          731945                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         419922                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169517                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.920103                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                920103319656                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5939870589261                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24889                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46437                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               27014015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4668596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34060.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   847735317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1581639583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3529152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       147008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1167104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10372096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15289920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1167104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        1167104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10994496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10994496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        18236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       162064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               238905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         171789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              171789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        26849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3835604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       159773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1268449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     11272751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               16617612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1268449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           1268449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11949197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11949197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11949197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        26849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3835604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       159773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1268449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     11272751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              28566809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   107161                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.397897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   107175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.509326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020537042000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.137106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.260791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.953799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.962369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18609                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18609                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7372                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7372                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           25981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              25981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          25981                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             25981                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103891                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet       100132                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101860                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        204023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       204023                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4616064681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4617157681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126382784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6751015000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6877397784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127475784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11367079681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11494555465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127475784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11367079681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11494555465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.848090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.848123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.932511                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.887896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.887896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40481.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44431.805267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44430.778893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73138.185185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67421.154077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67518.140428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72635.774359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55714.697269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55859.010511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72635.774359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55714.697269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55859.010511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       452700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10060                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56901                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56901                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       100132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       204023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       204023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       752900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3331982400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3332735300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105589300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5514073207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5619662507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106342200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8846055607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8952397807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106342200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8846055607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8952397807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.848090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932511                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27885.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32071.906132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32070.818338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61104.918981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55068.042254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55170.454614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60593.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43358.129265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43505.125946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60593.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43358.129265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43505.125946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6987924                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      8093.613548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        73526476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6996045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         10.509720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         2163.733616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.011586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   110.886690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    57.872005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4327.514574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1433.594162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.264128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.528261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.174999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.987990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17607419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4771270                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     35134214                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9683892                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               67196795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7448422                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7448422                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       359944                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              359944                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1768979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1768979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17607419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4771270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     35134214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     11452871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                68965774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17607419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4771270                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     35134214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11452871                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               68965774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72381                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29050                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1826585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5878176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52888                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             52888                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1193160                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1193160                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3019745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               7071336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72381                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3019745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              7071336                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1719763625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    661069458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  85509275214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46751429746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   134641538043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2245156559                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2245156559                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38588116797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  38588116797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1719763625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    661069458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  85509275214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85339546543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    173229654840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1719763625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    661069458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  85509275214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85339546543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   173229654840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17679800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4800320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39084374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11510477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           73074971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7448422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7448422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       412832                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          412832                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2962139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2962139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17679800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4800320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39084374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14472616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            76037110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17679800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4800320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39084374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14472616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           76037110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.158689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.080440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128110                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.128110                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402804                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.402804                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.208652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.092998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.208652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.092998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23759.876556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22756.263614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21647.040934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25594.992703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22905.326081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42451.152606                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42451.152606                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32341.108315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32341.108315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23759.876556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22756.263614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21647.040934                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28260.514230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24497.443600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23759.876556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22756.263614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21647.040934                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28260.514230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24497.443600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             1832480                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  1832480                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1826585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5876970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52888                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        52888                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1193160                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1193160                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3019745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          7070130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3019745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         7070130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1324113681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    493609465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62904501254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36579754700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 101301979100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3009486811                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3009486811                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31804888363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31804888363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1324113681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    493609465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62904501254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68384643063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 133106867463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1324113681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    493609465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62904501254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68384643063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 133106867463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8621204616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8621204616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13797285229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13797285229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22418489845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22418489845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.158689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128110                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128110                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.208652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.092983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.208652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18434.505778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17382.451139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15924.545146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20026.308494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17237.110126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56903.017906                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56903.017906                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26656.012909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26656.012909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18434.505778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17382.451139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15924.545146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22645.833692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18826.650636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18434.505778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17382.451139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15924.545146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22645.833692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18826.650636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        174844                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31528.831785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         7431366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        206834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         35.929132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17170.246902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.055143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.019487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   404.154442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   128.493840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4518.588168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   9307.271407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.523994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.137896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.284035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.962184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69531                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3931916                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1677547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                5706612                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1832480                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              1832480                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          254                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 254                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1019820                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1019820                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3931916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2697367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 6726432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        69531                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3931916                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2697367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                6726432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        18244                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149038                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        96580                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             96580                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       129394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             129394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        18244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       278432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                299752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        18244                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       278432                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               299752                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213085282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     72355607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1703251362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8749637963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10738330214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1606518407                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1606518407                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11575188407                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11575188407                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213085282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     72355607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1703251362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20324826370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     22313518621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213085282                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     72355607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1703251362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20324826370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    22313518621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1826585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5876970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1832480                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          1832480                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        96834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           96834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1149214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1149214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2975799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             7026184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3950160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2975799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            7026184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.028987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997377                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.997377                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112593                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.112593                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.042662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.042662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92766.774924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92882.679076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93359.535299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58707.430072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63033.906327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16634.069238                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16634.069238                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89456.917686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89456.917686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92766.774924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92882.679076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93359.535299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72997.451335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74439.932414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92766.774924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92882.679076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93359.535299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72997.451335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74439.932414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              114888                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   114888                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        18244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        96580                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        96580                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       129394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        129394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        18244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       278432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           299752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        18244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       278432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          299752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    180867623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61397993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1445668152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6651838564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8339772332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5517450941                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5517450941                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9724837849                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9724837849                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    180867623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61397993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1445668152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16376676413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18064610181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    180867623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61397993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1445668152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16376676413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18064610181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7682624256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7682624256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12293815541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12293815541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  19976439797                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  19976439797                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997377                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997377                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.042662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78740.802351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78816.422336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79240.745012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44631.829225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48954.392115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57128.297173                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57128.297173                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75156.791265                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75156.791265                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78740.802351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78816.422336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79240.745012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58817.508092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60265.186491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78740.802351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78816.422336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79240.745012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58817.508092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60265.186491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840078                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25001                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                40301961                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635246                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         54345                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 24693557                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 15608404                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          27172                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          27173                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18068                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              39084378                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137518459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              39084890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.518456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137495669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137495669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137495669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137495669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137495669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137495669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     41850710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     41850710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     41850710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      41850710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     41850710                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     41850710                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 671618853306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 671618853306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 671618853306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 671618853306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 671618853306                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 671618853306                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179346379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179346379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179346379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179346379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179346379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179346379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.233351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.233351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.233351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.233351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.233351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.233351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16047.967963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16047.967963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16047.967963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16047.967963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16047.967963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16047.967963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       371787                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41309.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2766328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2766328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2766328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2766328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2766328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2766328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39084382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     39084382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39084382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     39084382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39084382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     39084382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 501988514440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 501988514440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 501988514440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 501988514440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 501988514440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 501988514440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12843.711190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12843.711190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12843.711190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12843.711190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12843.711190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12843.711190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4803450                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4396488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4803466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.915274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4396060                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4396060                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4396060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4396060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4396060                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4396060                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4804146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4804146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4804146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4804146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4804146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4804146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82693571004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82693571004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82693571004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  82693571004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82693571004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  82693571004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9200206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9200206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9200206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9200206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9200206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9200206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.522178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.522178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.522178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17212.959599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17212.959599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17212.959599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17212.959599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17212.959599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17212.959599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        28491                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        28491                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4804146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4804146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4804146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4804146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4804146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4804146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68087754523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68087754523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68087754523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68087754523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68087754523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68087754523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14172.707183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14172.707183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14172.707183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14172.707183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14172.707183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14172.707183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17685297                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.986887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5631975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17685313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.318455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.986887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5631810                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5631810                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5631810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5631810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5631810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5631810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17696230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17696230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17696230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17696230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17696230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17696230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300960810280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 300960810280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300960810280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 300960810280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300960810280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 300960810280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23328040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23328040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23328040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23328040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23328040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23328040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.758582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.758582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.758582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17007.058016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17007.058016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17007.058016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17007.058016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17007.058016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17007.058016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        24651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        24651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17696230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17696230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17696230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17696230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17696230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17696230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 247272977450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 247272977450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 247272977450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 247272977450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 247272977450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 247272977450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13973.200928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13973.200928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13973.200928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13973.200928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13973.200928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13973.200928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14430540                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.837605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               281443592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14431052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.502639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.837605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182143465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182143465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98784293                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98784293                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    280927758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       280927758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    280927758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      280927758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17498983                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     17498983                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3389240                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3389240                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     20888223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      20888223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     20888223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     20888223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 405671926568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 405671926568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90821175452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  90821175452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 496493102020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 496493102020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 496493102020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 496493102020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199642448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199642448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102173533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102173533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    301815981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    301815981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    301815981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    301815981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23182.600187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23182.600187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26796.914781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26796.914781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23769.044500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23769.044500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23769.044500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23769.044500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7395280                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7395280                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5977909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5977909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6013988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6013988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6013988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6013988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11521074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11521074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3353161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3353161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14874235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14874235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14874235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14874235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 221399312656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 221399312656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78354747911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78354747911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 299754060567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 299754060567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 299754060567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 299754060567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9004063320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9004063320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14334872374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14334872374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23338935694                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23338935694                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032818                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032818                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19216.898759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19216.898759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23367.427902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23367.427902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20152.569901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.569901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20152.569901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.569901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2722668521                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231054557                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231054557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42119315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196950330                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103608114                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1307749671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1056485794                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231054557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103608114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329610108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      153046843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          88190916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     372278177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       610700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2084641                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           63                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179346388                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     28973499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1220118                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2209959372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.894256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.349252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1889077175     85.48%     85.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19875929      0.90%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14747699      0.67%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26707232      1.21%     88.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22808902      1.03%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27568799      1.25%     90.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19454695      0.88%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16783617      0.76%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172935324      7.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2209959372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.084863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.388033                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1379630547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    410576934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304209711                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6107084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     109435096                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1912970366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          811                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     109435096                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1400832084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      148090243                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    219444025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        288100866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     44057058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1830845792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       712451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       6830570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     28869784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       304889                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1989205879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4553772960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4553680765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        92195                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1196015523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       793190402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6097717                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6132170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        138206832                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    257859407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    157984109                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16099309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14496558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1690241938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8911628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1528052899                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7513011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    565084429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    756601424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3348523                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2209959372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.691439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.466099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1646120423     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    188974259      8.55%     83.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    120961380      5.47%     88.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     84519898      3.82%     92.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69566180      3.15%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49313901      2.23%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     37049836      1.68%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11165015      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2288480      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2209959372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4574651     41.74%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4221468     38.52%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2164058     19.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18342087      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1134326581     74.23%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    234899143     15.37%     90.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140485088      9.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1528052899                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.561234                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10960177                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5291361033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2264595638                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1450955243                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40241                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25582                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20088                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1520650872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20117                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23544865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     94604459                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       520350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       407395                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     55793958                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       203823                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     109435096                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       77970931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1726771                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1699153566                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     31519898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    257859407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    157984109                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7829020                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        857718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        69737                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       407395                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14058427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33152188                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47210615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1480420359                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    223438533                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47632542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           358080175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156501391                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         134641642                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.543739                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1454023263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1450975331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        913017836                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1406331126                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.532924                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649220                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    622154976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5563105                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42369660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2101419991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.473085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1746006581     83.09%     83.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    127119694      6.05%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57691422      2.75%     91.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63720348      3.03%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33669961      1.60%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14985173      0.71%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12173013      0.58%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7902997      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38150802      1.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2101419991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    583075671                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1076834764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             265445099                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            163254949                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577081                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         124756822                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1072300830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38150802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3761021958                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3507890690                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               20242658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              512709149                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            35047513                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          583075671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1076834764                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    583075671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.669494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.669494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.214156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.214156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2837431801                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1562162557                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20088                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      697635720                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5181731                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2787966216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       500806057                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3292561921                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2787966216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2787966216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800126                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    349583227                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       357147577                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        348495777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         79453892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           428186462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122490                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        50457423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           50638729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2994464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1025024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        91294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3030057773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          544293283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3578469777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3030057773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3030057773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      4091088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           4130108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         379939100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            388160296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      4099027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           7124572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1025024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        91294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3030057773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         924232383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3966630073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840078                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25001                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               40301961                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635246                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        54345                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                15608404                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                24693557                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         27173                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         27172                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              17971                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     2763067929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 263249528                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   502302924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           500639343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36003783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  500639343                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1291747854                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        554252680                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   130104687                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  79526765                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 50577922                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2175501895.191960                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             587566033.808040                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.212650                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.787350                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
