
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  50986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    90744                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28002880                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      531049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        945160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    430952733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    237418970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              988075436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    430952733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         431611011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    430952733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    237418970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293516477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.623248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365696000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.623248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1685400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10803.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           124                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1837.195196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.145161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           44.879074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.290324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.596657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.251339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1242.536174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    511.641680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.010957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.303354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.124913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             385                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  385                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4806                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2881                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3125232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204824412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89145279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      297721548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24842211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24842211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3125232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204824412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113987490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322563759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3125232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204824412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113987490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322563759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.704073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.842657                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.843750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104174.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104437.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103082.240564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105248.263282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103339.655675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103079.713693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102231.320988                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104174.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103082.240564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104767.913603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103253.443982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104174.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103082.240564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104767.913603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103253.443982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2961132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193857124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84513004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281924885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     23512011                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23512011                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2961132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193857124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108025015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305436896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2961132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193857124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108025015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305436896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11320233                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11320233                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.704073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.842657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98704.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98937.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97562.719678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99779.225502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98231.667247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97560.211618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97560.211618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98704.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97562.719678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99287.697610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98179.651559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98704.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98937.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97562.719678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99287.697610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98179.651559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1825.485252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.638792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.538092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.251629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1260.949392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    524.107440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2858232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186843191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81511885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      271786533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22611122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22611122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2858232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186843191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104123007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294397655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2858232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186843191                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104123007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294397655                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95274.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95537.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.007637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96692.627521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95230.039594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94213.008333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93434.388430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95274.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.007637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96143.127424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95089.681848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95274.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.007637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96143.127424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95089.681848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2442132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159235917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69729452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231896660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     19213340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19213340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2442132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159235917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88942792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2442132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159235917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88942792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6716967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6716967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10117767                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10117767                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81404.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81526.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81077.350815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82715.838671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81567.590573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80055.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80055.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81404.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81526.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81077.350815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82126.308403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81449.886474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81404.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81526.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81077.350815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82126.308403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81449.886474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3304                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.667398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.024213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369072300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.023936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.643462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23362                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23376                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23362                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23376                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291433956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291433956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291433956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291433956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291433956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291433956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65256.147783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65212.341911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65256.147783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65212.341911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65256.147783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65212.341911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227238785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227238785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227238785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227238785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227238785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227238785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59595.799895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59595.799895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59595.799895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59595.799895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59595.799895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59595.799895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           76                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.458302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           76                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.552632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.205803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1743467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1743467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1743467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1743467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1743467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1743467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.284281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.288525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.284281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.288525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.284281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.288525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20511.376471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19812.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20511.376471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19812.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20511.376471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19812.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1480269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1480269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1480269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.284281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.284281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.284281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17414.929412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17414.929412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17414.929412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17414.929412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17414.929412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17414.929412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2519                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.882487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.077809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.836681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          304                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          304                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2535                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32045382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32045382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32045382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32045382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32045382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32045382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.892920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.892920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.892920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12671.167260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12641.176331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12671.167260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12641.176331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12671.167260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12641.176331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24263656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24263656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24263656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24263656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24263656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24263656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.892693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9594.170028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9594.170028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9594.170028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9594.170028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9594.170028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9594.170028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   979                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               422.051728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   18682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.082737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001438927300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.261145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.790583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29999                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15898                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15901                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45897                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45901                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2353                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2653                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199296814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199296814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27971534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27971534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    227268348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227268348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    227268348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227268348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84771.082093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84699.028474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93864.208054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93238.446667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85794.015855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85664.661892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85794.015855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85664.661892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          385                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              385                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96210883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96210883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25948717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25948717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122159600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122159600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122159600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122159600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7789794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7789794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11776176                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11776176                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79909.371262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79909.371262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90413.648084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90413.648084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81931.321261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81931.321261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81931.321261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81931.321261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41960                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30861                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16652                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                198880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58948                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        152503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3907                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             30                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       407238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.909571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.386460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          349498     85.82%     85.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2829      0.69%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2147      0.53%     87.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2958      0.73%     87.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4597      1.13%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4161      1.02%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5475      1.34%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2212      0.54%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33361      8.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       407238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053899                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.255467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          172977                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       159982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            52192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        355916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          90118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        338552                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          120                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       374700                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       843918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       843828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       234499                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          140198                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1025                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1032                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32834                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            314886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           281348                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1546                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       102114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       150300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          879                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       407238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.690869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.458008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       303378     74.50%     74.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34080      8.37%     82.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21666      5.32%     88.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18005      4.42%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12241      3.01%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9277      2.28%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6010      1.48%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2136      0.52%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          445      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       407238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            674     46.55%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           405     27.97%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          369     25.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3015      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       218082     77.51%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38918     13.83%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21323      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        281348                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.361400                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1448                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       973831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       418829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       268072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        279767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15936                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8592                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          77641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       316625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1306                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           557                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       273069                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36861                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               57128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28194                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20267                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.350765                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                268812                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               268081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176733                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           280437                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.344358                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630206                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6512                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.487789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       319415     82.20%     82.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24889      6.41%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12741      3.28%     91.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10769      2.77%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6337      1.63%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3519      0.91%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1891      0.49%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2492      0.64%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6526      1.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       112722                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        206619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 44167                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27903                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23013                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           204769                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              698526                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             652101                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 371257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97358                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             112722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               206619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       112722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.906327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.906327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.144795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.144795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          530994                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         294838                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         118392                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           706                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097626                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97626154455                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099459118641                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26880                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49025                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29220300                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3341.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89808310                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163794928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1130560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6077888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19528896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28573376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6077888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6077888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11936384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11936384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        94967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       305139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               446459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         186506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              186506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16908256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11580503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1102000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       796508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62256759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    200037542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              292681568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62256759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62256759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        122266252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             122266252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        122266252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16908256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11580503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1102000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       796508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62256759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    200037542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             414947820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44890                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.778915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.597984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.180931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.287374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.636308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.923682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                58                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             61                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                61                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2558                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43599                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19832                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125106902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142723902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4578858760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1699347000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6278205760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4596475760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1824453902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6420929662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4596475760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1824453902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6420929662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.973768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.977829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43498.765432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58108.175569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55795.114152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176653.501543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96122.348549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143998.847680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174604.967142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91995.456938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139110.636783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174604.967142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91995.456938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139110.636783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32532600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42967                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42967                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12505400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98464100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110969500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4266487584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1485905400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752392984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4278992984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1584369500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5863362484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4278992984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1584369500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5863362484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.973768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30877.530864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45733.441709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43381.352619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164602.144444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84049.176990                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131938.645015                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162544.842697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79889.547196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127030.840046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162544.842697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79889.547196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127030.840046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1265432                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4028.188967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2757597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1269443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.172289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15056231634600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          905.579429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.111891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.239223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.977957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    37.803368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1617.740209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1386.733171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.221089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.394956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.338558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.983445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       388032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       631266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       908391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1981056                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          950359                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               950359                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36242                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               36242                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                52209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       388032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       631266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       960600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2033265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       388032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       631266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       960600                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2033265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11788                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       495682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1083112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       177418                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             177418                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       673100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1260530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11788                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       673100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1260530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    547870534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    363643668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20010319370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26946740123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47868573695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191656230                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    191656230                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13143810482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13143810482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    547870534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    363643668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20010319370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40090550605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     61012384177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    547870534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    363643668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20010319370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40090550605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    61012384177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       406194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1188746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1404073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3064168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       950359                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           950359                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       229627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           229627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       406194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1188746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1633700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3293795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       406194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1188746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1633700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3293795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.353032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.353477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101943                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.101943                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.772636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.772636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.412010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.382698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.412010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.382698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30165.760048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30848.631490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35894.237228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54362.958758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44195.405180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46586.346621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46586.346621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74083.861175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74083.861175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30165.760048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30848.631490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35894.237228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59561.061662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48402.167483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30165.760048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30848.631490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35894.237228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59561.061662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48402.167483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              330910                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   330910                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       495679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1083067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4114                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       177418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        177418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       673097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1260485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       673097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1260485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    448118866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    298652053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16861672942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24206167279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41814611140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    296643035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296643035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12154172508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12154172508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    448118866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    298652053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16861672942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36360339787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53968783648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    448118866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    298652053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16861672942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36360339787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53968783648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    258929700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    258929700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    416480291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    416480291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    675409991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    675409991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.353029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101943                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101943                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.772636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.412008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.412008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24696.548140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25376.162206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30246.563861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48834.361107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38607.594119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72105.745017                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72105.745017                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68505.859090                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68505.859090                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24696.548140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25376.162206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30246.563861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54019.464932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42815.887256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24696.548140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25376.162206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30246.563861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54019.464932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42815.887256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        375934                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30655.526427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1010375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        408074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.475960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8588.696028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.541396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.373859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.190399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.272889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   141.663485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    87.957517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9445.704895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12388.125959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.262106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.288260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.378056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.935532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16464                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       462504                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       302048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 791570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          330910                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               330910                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          857                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 857                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        63697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                63697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       462504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       365745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  855267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16464                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       462504                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       365745                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 855267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193631                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               291497                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3773                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3773                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113205                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113205                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                404702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               404702                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157966709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113912176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8882398536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18062250965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27216528386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100521098                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    100521098                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10702011970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10702011970                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157966709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113912176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8882398536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28764262935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37918540356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157966709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113912176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8882398536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28764262935                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37918540356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       557474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1083067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       330910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           330910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4630                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4630                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       176902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           176902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       557474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       672581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1259969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       557474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       672581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1259969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.390638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.269140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.814903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.639931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.321200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.321200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93971.867341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93754.877366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.467263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93281.814198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93368.125181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26642.220514                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26642.220514                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94536.566141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94536.566141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93971.867341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93754.877366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.467263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93744.746167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93694.966558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93971.867341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93754.877366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.467263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93744.746167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93694.966558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              143539                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   143539                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          291497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3773                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3773                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113205                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113205                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           404702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          404702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    134408863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96875017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7544043827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15337902275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23113229982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    268302982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268302982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9097114884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9097114884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    134408863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96875017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7544043827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24435017159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32210344866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    134408863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96875017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7544043827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24435017159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32210344866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    231002604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    231002604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    371611003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    371611003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    602613607                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    602613607                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.390638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814903                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814903                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.639931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.321200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79957.681737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79732.524280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79436.072728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79212.018091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79291.484928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71111.312483                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71111.312483                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80359.656234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80359.656234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79957.681737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79732.524280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79436.072728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79635.431172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79590.278442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79957.681737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79732.524280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79436.072728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79635.431172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79590.278442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                86986772                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12302                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2463684                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 84523088                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4425                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7877                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 499                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1188747                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12223266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1189259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.278052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12215143                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12215143                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12215143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12215143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12215143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12215143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1333230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1333230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1333230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1333230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1333230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1333230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35487132844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35487132844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35487132844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35487132844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35487132844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35487132844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13548373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13548373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13548373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13548373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13548373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13548373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26617.412482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26617.412482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26617.412482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26617.412482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26617.412482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26617.412482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4938009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32274.568627                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       144480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       144480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       144480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1188750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1188750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1188750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1188750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1188750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1188750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26408133979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26408133979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26408133979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26408133979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26408133979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26408133979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22215.044357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22215.044357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22215.044357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22215.044357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22215.044357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22215.044357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        66853                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.703296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        342771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        66868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.126084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002258312300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.703296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       342454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       342454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       342454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       342454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       342454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       342454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70005                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70005                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1114739754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1114739754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1114739754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1114739754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1114739754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1114739754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       412459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       412459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       412459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15923.716220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15923.716220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15923.716220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15923.716220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15923.716220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15923.716220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7954                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7954                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    885778655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885778655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    885778655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885778655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    885778655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885778655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12653.076995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12653.076995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12653.076995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12653.076995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12653.076995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12653.076995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       414983                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.888817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1764339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       414999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.251430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.888817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.993051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.993051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1763789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1763789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1763789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1763789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1763789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1763789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       418118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       418118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       418118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6245607170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6245607170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6245607170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6245607170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6245607170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6245607170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2181907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2181907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2181907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2181907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2181907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2181907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14937.427162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14937.427162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14937.427162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14937.427162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14937.427162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14937.427162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       120751                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       120751                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       418118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       418118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       418118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       418118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4912153427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4912153427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4912153427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4912153427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4912153427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4912153427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11748.246732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11748.246732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11748.246732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11748.246732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11748.246732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11748.246732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1634056                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.972316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24392737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1634568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.923048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.114539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.857777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15495462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15495462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8823884                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8823884                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24319346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24319346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24319346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24319346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2392762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2392762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       271865                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       271865                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2664627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2664627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2664627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2664627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97630440768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97630440768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15680465032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15680465032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113310905800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 113310905800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113310905800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 113310905800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17888224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17888224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9095749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9095749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26983973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26983973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26983973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26983973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40802.403569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40802.403569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57677.395148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57677.395148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42524.115308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42524.115308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42524.115308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42524.115308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       821654                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           821654                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       986956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       986956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       989287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       989287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       989287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       989287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1405806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1405806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       269534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       269534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1675340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1675340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1675340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1675340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41301150013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41301150013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14598364311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14598364311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55899514324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55899514324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55899514324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55899514324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    270143095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    270143095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    432819344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    432819344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    702962439                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    702962439                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29378.982600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29378.982600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54161.494695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54161.494695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33366.071558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33366.071558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33366.071558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33366.071558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               245708861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18759880                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18759880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2056257                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14638709                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10282642                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     64166660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88318615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18759880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10282642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27625619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8446821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2016856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      96584187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        33935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       286149                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1236                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13548484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1278354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          30286                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    196946935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.244709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       170227843     86.43%     86.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1564307      0.79%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1554120      0.79%     88.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2448380      1.24%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2236218      1.14%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1835155      0.93%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1846977      0.94%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1911221      0.97%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13322714      6.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    196946935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.359444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        66953605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     97772433                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24547272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1441332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6232293                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156853518                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          434                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6232293                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69294987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       74032168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13823213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23479811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     10084463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152096838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       158727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3075398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5887409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       223262                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170614413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395431219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393750998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1680221                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123093746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47520635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       418895                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       418422                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21948808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25091316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12097573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3645319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2203822                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145396758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       509937                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132783699                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       436871                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35272070                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55070282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       166568                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    196946935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.674211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    140013180     71.09%     71.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22151402     11.25%     82.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14853754      7.54%     89.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8197582      4.16%     94.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5796818      2.94%     96.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3287562      1.67%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1925749      0.98%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       614637      0.31%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106251      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    196946935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         293390     42.82%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6277      0.92%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        256179     37.39%     81.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129290     18.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       877378      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97532532     73.45%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430307      0.32%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22879051     17.23%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11064431      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132783699                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.540411                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             685136                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463154765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180363105                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128490377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1114822                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       897325                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       516222                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132036251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         555206                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4398439                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6352787                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39226                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        87134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3000015                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        24127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6232293                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       53385090                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       899723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145906695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1312021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25091316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12097573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       483369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        432484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        29734                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        87134                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1271901                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2261510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130522633                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22304398                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2261064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33154716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14233538                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10850318                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.531208                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129277106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129006599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87603779                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141768097                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.525038                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.617937                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37508317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2092426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    190762352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.568204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.612456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    155978269     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13873338      7.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5000547      2.62%     91.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5541446      2.90%     94.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2273185      1.19%     95.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1223160      0.64%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       730411      0.38%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       833831      0.44%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5308165      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    190762352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60113596                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108391913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27836071                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18738519                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12554642                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409515                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107845937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5308165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           331219417                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298061736                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 987887                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48761926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            47462650                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60113596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108391913                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60113596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.087409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.087409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.244654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.244654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       264915384                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      142918535                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           851364                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          445517                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63358026                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392449                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2099016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       357328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302876112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49076077                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355443205                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302876112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302876112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34169486                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42071455                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       262377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        44666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37859514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7769508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45955216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4687370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4811810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       156270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10442038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21500550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3660167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3102407482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          502693948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3640860454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3102407482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3102407482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80429594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            511513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         350003400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            430944507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80585864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10953550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21500550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3660167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3102407482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         852697348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4071804961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               86986772                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12302                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                84523088                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2463684                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7877                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4425                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                282                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      293172277                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28624916                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53508617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53074985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4485534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53074985                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137650116                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60234455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12441778                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7763114                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4678664                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             230424951.407934                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62747325.592066                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.214029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.785971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
