
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 108370                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   193214                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59003420                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        82560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              307520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    282708736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    280736349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1053035251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277449038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277449038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277449038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    282708736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    280736349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1330484289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1287                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.697066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.697066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    238646832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    238646832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239557832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    239557832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239557832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    239557832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43380.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43380.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184854.246321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184854.246321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1473400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9888.590604                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1267                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1267                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       644300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       644300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223212292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223212292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223856592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223856592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223856592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223856592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30680.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30680.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172898.754454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172898.754454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           284                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1806.863914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.362676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           63.401877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.970458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.931985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.659106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.240406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1175.407377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    517.252837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4992                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104710416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338302721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32658287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32658287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137368703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370961008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137368703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370961008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.397010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815104                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.815584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.415867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.415867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107395.298462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104414.420062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104339.575080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104007.283439                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106652.719720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104378.449071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106652.719720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104378.449071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99369192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320522673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30919887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30919887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130289079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351442560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130289079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351442560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3180252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3180252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.414346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101917.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99294.508364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98785.581470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98785.581470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101156.117236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99249.522734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101156.117236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99249.522734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1794.267585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.328165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.743968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.241604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.318876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    536.635108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96015988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309141943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29685485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29685485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125701473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338827428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125701473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338827428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98985.554639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96516.373088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95451.720257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95145.785256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98127.613583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96394.716358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98127.613583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96394.716358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82476207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264415034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25263043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25263043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107739250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289678077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107739250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289678077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85027.017526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82862.749608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81231.649518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81231.649518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84105.581577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84105.581577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3681                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               424.602677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.023907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.256862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   424.345815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.828800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.829302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4904                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4904                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.254557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.137255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598746732300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.119343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.694959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.703410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2519                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.908856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.273521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619407300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.087802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2536                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2536                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1189                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.298303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.398654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701894300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.523808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   423.774495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.827685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.828708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17377                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17378                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49718                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218017396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218017396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36794459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36794459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254811855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254811855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254811855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254811855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89205.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89168.669121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92915.300505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92681.256927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89722.484155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89659.343772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89722.484155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89659.343772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112167068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112167068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34393671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34393671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146560739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146560739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146560739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146560739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85233.334347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85233.334347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89334.210390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89334.210390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44426                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6864                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33411                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18029                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18029                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       452589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.873068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.345754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390959     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2915      0.64%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2508      0.55%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3412      0.75%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5007      1.11%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3681      0.81%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5732      1.27%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2851      0.63%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35524      7.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       452589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       902600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       902446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1798                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298816                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          907                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       452589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.660237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.431263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341529     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37120      8.20%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23666      5.23%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18283      4.04%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12885      2.85%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9895      2.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6436      1.42%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2316      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          459      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       452589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            704     46.32%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           406     26.71%     73.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          410     26.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3244      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230032     76.98%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42061     14.08%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23469      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298816                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340850                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1520                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005087                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1054413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450482                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18318                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9728                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290015                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39941                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29786                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22347                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330811                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187371                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297668                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324974                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629463                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       357567     82.73%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27687      6.41%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13876      3.21%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11763      2.72%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6875      1.59%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3456      0.80%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2011      0.47%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2769      0.64%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6187      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117686                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47538                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29717                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23996                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214535                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              764047                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697072                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 424091                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.449314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.449314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562230                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311405                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127444                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.074959                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2074958736894                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9674021890404                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   119031                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               70884181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5033908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29272.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007901630                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3484323968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1503104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4539968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       906752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     63900032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    320803904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           391657408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     63900032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       63900032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    178251136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        178251136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       998438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      5012561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              6119647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2785174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2785174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       724402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30795809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    154607366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              188754312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30795809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30795809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85905870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85905870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85905870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       724402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30795809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    154607366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             274660182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23918                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         31                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.820658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.168090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23559                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23848                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2033043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17369043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4196255064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5518000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4201773064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4211591064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7551043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4219142107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4211591064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7551043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4219142107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48405.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43206.574627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178655.273501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77718.309859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178351.078738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176601.436766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66823.389381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176083.723843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176601.436766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66823.389381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176083.723843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     27728800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2633                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10531.257121                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23535                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23535                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10862800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1511400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12374200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3913254656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4646600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3917901256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3924117456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3930275456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3924117456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3930275456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30174.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30781.592040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166606.550409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65445.070423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166301.679019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164547.025159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54495.575221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164028.022870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164547.025159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54495.575221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164028.022870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      20479895                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4024.746715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        90044795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      20483937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.395873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627324215065                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1003.019970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.007071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.188245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.761540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    926.128330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1906.638609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.244878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.226106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.465488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30753355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2390198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12857960                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19401523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               65403036                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        28550895                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             28550895                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1033659                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1033659                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14814038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14814038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30753355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2390198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12857960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     34215561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                80217074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30753355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2390198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12857960                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     34215561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               80217074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427434                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4688803                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11294694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16561712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7649                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7649                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3871968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3871968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4688803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15166662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              20433680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427434                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4688803                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15166662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             20433680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15030899609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4491074971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 182836115379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 480466117438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   682824207397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88191516                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     88191516                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256893174883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 256893174883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15030899609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4491074971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 182836115379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 737359292321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    939717382280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15030899609                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4491074971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 182836115379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 737359292321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   939717382280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31180789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2540979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17546763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30696217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           81964748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     28550895                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         28550895                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1041308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1041308                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18686006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18686006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31180789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2540979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17546763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49382223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           100650754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31180789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2540979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17546763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49382223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          100650754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.202059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007346                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007346                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.207212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.203016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.203016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35165.428134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29785.417068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38994.198600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42539.099991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41229.083527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11529.809910                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11529.809910                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66346.926132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66346.926132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35165.428134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29785.417068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38994.198600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48617.111156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45988.651201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35165.428134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29785.417068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38994.198600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48617.111156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45988.651201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7682684                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7682684                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4688800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11294646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16561578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7649                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7649                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3871968                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3871968                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4688800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15166614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         20433546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4688800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15166614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        20433546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12705490761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3655633239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156300843630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417278347207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 589940314837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    620360746                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620360746                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235260051056                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 235260051056                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12705490761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3655633239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156300843630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 652538398263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 825200365893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12705490761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3655633239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 156300843630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 652538398263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 825200365893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103304874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103304874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    237496429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    237496429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    340801303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    340801303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007346                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007346                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.203014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29727.400002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24252.535885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33334.935086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36944.792002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35621.020825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81103.509740                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81103.509740                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60759.812854                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60759.812854                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29727.400002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24252.535885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33334.935086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43024.659180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40384.589434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29727.400002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24252.535885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33334.935086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43024.659180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40384.589434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       6070525                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32197.479099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18145478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       6102611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.973396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7952610396319                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11393.888521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.099748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.008309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   497.798389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   127.780288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6429.330425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13748.518708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.347714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.196208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.419571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       356463                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3690361                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8451373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12634761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7682684                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7682684                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1337                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1337                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1702404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1702404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       356463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3690361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10153777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14337165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       356463                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3690361                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10153777                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14337165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       998439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2843273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3926817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2169513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2169513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       998439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5012786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               6096330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       998439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5012786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              6096330                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6615230868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1341882186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  93290985956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 266074956899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   367323055909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     45664774                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     45664774                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 201412707409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 201412707409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6615230868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1341882186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  93290985956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467487664308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    568735763318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6615230868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1341882186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  93290985956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467487664308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   568735763318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4688800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11294646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16561578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7682684                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7682684                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3871917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3871917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4688800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15166563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            20433495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       427400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4688800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15166563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           20433495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.212941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.237104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.826364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.560320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.212941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.298350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.212941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.298350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93255.013153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94712.181395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.840865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93580.516855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93542.188472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7176.610718                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7176.610718                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92837.750873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92837.750873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93255.013153                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94712.181395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.840865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93259.050817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93291.498872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93255.013153                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94712.181395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.840865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93259.050817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93291.498872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2761639                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2761639                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       998439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2843273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3926817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2169513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2169513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       998439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5012786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          6096330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        70937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       998439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5012786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         6096330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5620347475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1143801424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  79210914268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226022555120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 311997618287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    497963613                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    497963613                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170320650981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 170320650981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5620347475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1143801424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  79210914268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 396343206101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 482318269268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5620347475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1143801424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  79210914268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 396343206101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 482318269268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     92228842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     92228842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    208671268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    208671268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    300900110                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    300900110                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.212941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.212941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.298350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.212941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79230.126380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80731.325805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.755822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79493.792935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79453.057855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78259.250825                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78259.250825                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78506.397971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78506.397971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79230.126380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80731.325805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.755822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79066.452488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79116.168132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79230.126380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80731.325805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.755822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79066.452488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79116.168132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9438                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2683                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6755                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              17546908                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               481107860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              17547420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 27.417584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481102821                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      481102821                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481102821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       481102821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481102821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      481102821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18856916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18856916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18856916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18856916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18856916                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18856916                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 438859932834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 438859932834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 438859932834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 438859932834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 438859932834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 438859932834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499959737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    499959737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499959737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    499959737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499959737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    499959737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23273.155209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23273.155209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23273.155209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23273.155209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23273.155209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23273.155209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     10043663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40994.542857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1309929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1309929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1309929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1309929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1309929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1309929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17546987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17546987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17546987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17546987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17546987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17546987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 335134462295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 335134462295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 335134462295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 335134462295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 335134462295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 335134462295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19099.259736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.259736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19099.259736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.259736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19099.259736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.259736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2541096                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9013110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2541112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.546916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9012902                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9012902                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9012902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9012902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9012902                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9012902                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2541297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2541297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2541297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2541297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2541297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2541297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39829814021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39829814021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39829814021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39829814021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39829814021                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39829814021                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11554199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11554199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11554199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11554199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11554199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11554199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15673.026026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15673.026026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15673.026026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15673.026026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15673.026026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15673.026026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          691                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          691                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2541297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2541297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2541297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2541297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2541297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2541297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31802904070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31802904070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31802904070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31802904070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31802904070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31802904070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12514.438127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12514.438127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12514.438127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12514.438127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12514.438127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12514.438127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31187379                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61823911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31187395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.982336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61823469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61823469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61823469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61823469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61823469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61823469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31194895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31194895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31194895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31194895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31194895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31194895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 402048175133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 402048175133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 402048175133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 402048175133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 402048175133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 402048175133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93018364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93018364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93018364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     93018364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93018364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     93018364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12888.268261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12888.268261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12888.268261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12888.268261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12888.268261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12888.268261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        14160                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        14160                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31194895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31194895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31194895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31194895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31194895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31194895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 304739215630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 304739215630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 304739215630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 304739215630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 304739215630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 304739215630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9768.880954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9768.880954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9768.880954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9768.880954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9768.880954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9768.880954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              49382346                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               978612073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              49382858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.816838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    731412777                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      731412777                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    245964566                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     245964566                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    977377343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       977377343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    977377343                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      977377343                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     48130591                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48130591                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19752433                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19752433                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     67883024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      67883024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     67883024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     67883024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1510592531875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1510592531875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 541055438469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 541055438469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2051647970344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2051647970344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2051647970344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2051647970344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    779543368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    779543368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    265716999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    265716999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1045260367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1045260367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1045260367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1045260367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31385.289490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31385.289490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27391.837677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27391.837677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30223.284843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30223.284843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30223.284843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30223.284843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     28536044                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         28536044                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17429411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17429411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17466779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17466779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17466779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17466779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30701180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30701180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19715065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19715065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50416245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     50416245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50416245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     50416245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 732641066677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 732641066677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 466724214501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 466724214501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1199365281178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1199365281178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1199365281178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1199365281178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107712795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107712795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    248519198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    248519198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    356231993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    356231993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23863.612626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23863.612626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23673.480889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23673.480889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23789.262393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23789.262393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23789.262393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23789.262393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6231107318                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       584854014                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    584854014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63755763                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    421538417                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       339650994                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1967259558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3239446484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          584854014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    339650994                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            956091675                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      326134266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83053641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2139129320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       105063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1734382                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2609                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        499959964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31454110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1195361                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5408821561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.047672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.494690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4468315488     82.61%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59702406      1.10%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57250856      1.06%     84.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        83895198      1.55%     86.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64844699      1.20%     87.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        78051786      1.44%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58679768      1.08%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65583437      1.21%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       472497923      8.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5408821561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.519883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2030894752                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2197907510                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        879378306                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39195680                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     261445313                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5532223567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2216                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     261445313                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2116887249                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1810235050                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15314665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        824687427                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    380251857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5376999489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2859664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      56222500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    307054900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1688899                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6031174162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13543807295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13497724491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     46082804                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3941051215                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2090122900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       424253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       421346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        791405941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1053742780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    406562952                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65423860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     41111440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5144843053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1419159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4516691967                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9695271                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1607673417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2381192395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       721298                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5408821561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.835060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.467659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3542661910     65.50%     65.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    699961591     12.94%     78.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    464298085      8.58%     87.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281114706      5.20%     92.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    193746440      3.58%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126969499      2.35%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70302700      1.30%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     24992407      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4774223      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5408821561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6353319     32.43%     32.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        24585      0.13%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8596899     43.89%     76.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4614798     23.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31868792      0.71%      0.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3235131690     71.63%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7163031      0.16%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    901863442     19.97%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    340665012      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4516691967                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.724862                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19589601                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004337                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14468176202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6730992393                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4371591750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27996161                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23704721                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13027988                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4490458873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13953903                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     99378502                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    346878607                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       868440                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       797857                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    140849479                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       220174                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7775                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     261445313                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1288659663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26888330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5146262212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     31078930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1053742780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    406562961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       990026                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8464660                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3160118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       797857                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43428679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25013078                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     68441757                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4446068339                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    879219413                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70623622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1213612959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       428045262                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334393546                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.713528                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4398218025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4384619738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3062577810                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4723920312                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.703666                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648313                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1679159223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       697861                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63962406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5147409661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.673982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.713660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4050320293     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390395339      7.58%     86.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    169198002      3.29%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    206880872      4.02%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75957669      1.48%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44197163      0.86%     95.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32744798      0.64%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23180365      0.45%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    154535160      3.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5147409661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759622                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3469263073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             972577649                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            706864162                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             187292                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         363926794                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10465481                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3447432045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    154535160                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10141144098                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10559356764                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16575378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              822285757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3469263073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.115928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.115928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8648291456                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4886978661                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12380084                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9478796                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2144312209                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        389986                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74333720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12518635                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87110819                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74333720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74333720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9074668                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10308932                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9291715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1948455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11272250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1221928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1241249                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        84613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        37622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           35824192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6033197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              41981952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      35824192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         35824192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       594179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4373421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4968259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       595339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        84613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        37622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          35824192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10406618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             46950211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9438                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6755                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2683                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6229407538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7066229                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13154615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13100173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1026635                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13100173                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33987150                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15046374                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3177605                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1952872                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1224733                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6214028512.310791                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15379025.689209                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002469                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997531                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
