
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000420                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   420377202                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10960530991506                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 408549                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   732004                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              289412061                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4611876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      593407                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1063235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total                 256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total             64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                    4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 608977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            152244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                608977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                         3.997465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.998988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         405273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          405273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         405273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                         3.997599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.999021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         369673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total          369673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total         369673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                 0.998975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.998975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       2.998437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse              0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                        0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                       1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups               0                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted            0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups            0                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles                 1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines                1                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev          nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0               1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate                0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                      0                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles                0                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts                0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads            0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores            0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total             0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                         0                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  0                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate               nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            1                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles             0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles            0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts            0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts            0                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            0                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs                   0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches               0                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores                 0                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate                   0                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                     0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count                    0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers                0                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers                0                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate                     0                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout                 nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate          nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                     0                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches                 0                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts                0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events            0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads                   1                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes                  0                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                    0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total            0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                           inf                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                     inf                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.000000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.000000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes             43                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        14640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         8664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         6338568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         1003919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            7365791                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      6338568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       6338568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       855296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          855296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           792321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           150065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              945299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          113947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             113947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     34825866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20610062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15078286762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2388138546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17521861235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15078286762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15078286762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2034591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2034591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     34825866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20610062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15078286762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4422730327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19556453016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1262403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    593407                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     1063235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             1060349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  784                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    1060349                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         784                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2797041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1223723                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               1293                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      264152                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    150208                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   113944                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1262403                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.274171                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1274170695858                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12235121097867                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27959                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52001                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37513257                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4827356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33965.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   949639899                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1766249374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     67543552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           643520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      3882752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    130831616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           203254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3882752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        3882752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     77992704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         77992704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide      1055368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             10055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2044244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3175855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1218636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1218636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     53009814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              505050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       254258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3047278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    102679819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              159519223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3047278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           3047278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         61210562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              61210562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         61210562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     53009814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             505050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       254258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3047278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    102679819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             220729785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                  1104357                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.140394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       9502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                  1104372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.008604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             10970391516000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     2.570974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        12.569420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.160686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.785589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.946275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        37204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total         1107142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        21071                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          21199                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         58275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total          1128341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total         1128341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199549216544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2596363774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 202145580318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20328984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1321445000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1341773984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199569545528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3917808774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total 203487354302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199569545528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3917808774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total 203487354302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        40430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total       1110368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        21345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        61775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total        1131841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        61775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total       1131841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.920208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.987240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.996908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186505.401756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69787.221105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182583.246158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158820.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62713.919605                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63294.211236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186502.090084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67229.665792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180342.072389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186502.090084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67229.665792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180342.072389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   7037838036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs              752128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9357.234455                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           9800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                9800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        37204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1107142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        21071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1128341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1128341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186703725580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2139514600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188843240180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18787300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1060595400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1079382700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186722512880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3200110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189922622880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186722512880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3200110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 189922622880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.920208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174499.574349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57507.649715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170568.219957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146775.781250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50334.364767                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50916.680032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174496.258063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54913.942514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168320.235532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174496.258063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54913.942514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168320.235532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages        16682                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes     68329472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs        16682                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      12343072                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      6259.785576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        46443004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      12349938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.760586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1038.223215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   109.559220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    96.002706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   3787.287487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1228.712949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.462315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.149989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.764134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11233497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10226235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16507506                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4506868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               42474106                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5994314                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              5994314                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       380281                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              380281                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1347330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1347330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11233497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10226235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16507506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5854198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                43821436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11233497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10226235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16507506                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5854198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               43821436                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       243443                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6772888                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3094002                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             10334328                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1854687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1854687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       243443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6772888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4948689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              12189015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       243443                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6772888                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4948689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             12189015                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5214889459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5085792122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151080525277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 143145531814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   304526738672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    449165801                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    449165801                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 138154130488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 138154130488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5214889459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5085792122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151080525277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 281299662302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    442680869160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5214889459                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5085792122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151080525277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 281299662302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   442680869160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11457492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10469678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23280394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7600870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           52808434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5994314                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          5994314                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       394416                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          394416                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3202017                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3202017                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11457492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10469678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23280394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10802887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            56010451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11457492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10469678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23280394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10802887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           56010451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.195695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035838                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.035838                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.579225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.217620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.217620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23281.276185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20891.100266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22306.662280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46265.494274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29467.493065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31776.851857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31776.851857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74489.189005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74489.189005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23281.276185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20891.100266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22306.662280                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56843.269460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36318.018245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23281.276185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20891.100266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22306.662280                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56843.269460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36318.018245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             2649925                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  2649925                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              4099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               4099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              4099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       220996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6772665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3093999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10330229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1854687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1854687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       220996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6772665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4948686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         12184916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       220996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6772665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4948686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        12184916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3995190973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3780893888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112403250393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125868109296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 246047444550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    518634682                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518634682                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127914262287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 127914262287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3995190973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3780893888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112403250393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253782371583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 373961706837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3995190973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3780893888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112403250393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253782371583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 373961706837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5229112658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5229112658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7286414196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7286414196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12515526854                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12515526854                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035838                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035838                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.217547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.458089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18078.114414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15586.879972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16596.605678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40681.367155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23818.198469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36691.523311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36691.523311                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68968.112834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68968.112834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18078.114414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15586.879972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16596.605678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51282.779223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30690.544509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18078.114414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15586.879972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16596.605678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51282.779223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30690.544509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       2086709                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31474.131997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        10835210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       2119246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.112767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  11221306444000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9860.754380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   302.565848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.656451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  11040.078125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10138.077192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.300926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.336916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.309390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.960514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       215934                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242111                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6711997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2194809                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                9364851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2649925                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              2649925                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3873                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3873                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       658438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               658438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       215934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6711997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2853247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10023289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       215934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6711997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2853247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10023289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       899190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               965378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1190336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1190336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2089526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               2155714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2089526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              2155714                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    475484059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42804525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5688098543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85353141189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    91559528316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    345066801                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    345066801                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112561620237                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 112561620237                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    475484059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42804525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5688098543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197914761426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    204121148553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    475484059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42804525                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5688098543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197914761426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   204121148553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       220996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6772665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3093999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           10330229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2649925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          2649925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20048                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20048                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1848774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1848774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       220996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6772665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4942773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            12179003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       220996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6772665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4942773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           12179003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.290624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.093452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.806814                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.806814                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.643852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.643852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.177003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.177003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93932.054326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93459.661572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93757.805482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94922.253572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94843.189213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21333.341638                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21333.341638                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94562.896726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94562.896726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93932.054326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93459.661572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93757.805482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94717.539493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94688.418108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93932.054326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93459.661572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93757.805482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94717.539493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94688.418108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1208836                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1208836                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       899190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          965378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16175                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16175                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1190336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1190336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2089526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          2155714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2089526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         2155714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    404392969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36405294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4832813661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72793174596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78066786520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    736677967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    736677967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95801295765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95801295765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    404392969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36405294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4832813661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168594470361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 173868082285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    404392969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36405294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4832813661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168594470361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 173868082285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4659133660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4659133660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6494388420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6494388420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11153522080                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11153522080                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.290624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.806814                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806814                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.643852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.177003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79887.982813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79487.541485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79660.012873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80954.163854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80866.548150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45544.232890                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45544.232890                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80482.566070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80482.566070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79887.982813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79487.541485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79660.012873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80685.509709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80654.522021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79887.982813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79487.541485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79660.012873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80685.509709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80654.522021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1503266                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       356127                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4633                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       4637                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4623                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  4637                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                11674373                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      9270                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1859393                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          7275                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  9438396                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2235977                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           3636                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           3639                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               12843                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23279882                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.021628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               141268208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23280394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.068119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          10965035497300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.021628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.998089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141268208                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      141268208                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141268208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       141268208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141268208                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      141268208                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25168537                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25168537                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25168537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25168537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25168537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25168537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 468164250717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 468164250717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 468164250717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 468164250717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 468164250717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 468164250717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166436745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166436745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166436745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    166436745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166436745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    166436745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18601.170609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18601.170609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18601.170609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18601.170609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18601.170609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18601.170609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        27508                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        27508                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1887990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1887990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1887990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1887990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1887990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1887990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23280547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23280547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23280547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23280547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23280547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23280547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 355594271453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 355594271453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 355594271453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 355594271453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 355594271453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 355594271453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15274.309124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15274.309124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15274.309124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15274.309124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15274.309124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15274.309124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements     10472148                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.961721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       1970217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     10472164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.188138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10965029299300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.961721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.997608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.997608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1970217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1970217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1970217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1970217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1970217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1970217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10472325                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     10472325                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10472325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     10472325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10472325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     10472325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 152304002862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 152304002862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 152304002862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 152304002862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 152304002862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 152304002862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12442542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12442542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12442542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12442542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12442542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12442542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.841655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.841655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.841655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.841655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.841655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.841655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14543.475576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14543.475576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14543.475576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14543.475576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14543.475576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14543.475576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       220888                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       220888                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10472325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10472325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10472325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10472325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10472325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10472325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 120440655013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120440655013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 120440655013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 120440655013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 120440655013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 120440655013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.841655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.841655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.841655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11500.851531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11500.851531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11500.851531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11500.851531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11500.851531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11500.851531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     11462131                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.972415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       8067319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     11462147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.703823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10964997584000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.972415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.998276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8067319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8067319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8067319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8067319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8067319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8067319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11463884                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     11463884                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11463884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     11463884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11463884                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     11463884                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 184765422708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 184765422708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 184765422708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 184765422708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 184765422708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 184765422708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19531203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19531203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19531203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     19531203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19531203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     19531203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.586952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.586952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.586952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16117.174834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16117.174834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16117.174834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16117.174834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16117.174834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16117.174834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        68096                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        68096                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11463884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11463884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11463884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11463884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11463884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11463884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 149717425181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149717425181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 149717425181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 149717425181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 149717425181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 149717425181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13059.921505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13059.921505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13059.921505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13059.921505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13059.921505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13059.921505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10791357                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.573101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               354800441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10791869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.876645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          10965059806300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.573101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    231316568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      231316568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    123058114                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     123058114                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    354374682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       354374682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    354374682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      354374682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17944908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     17944908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3614119                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3614119                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21559027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      21559027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21559027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     21559027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 978211400407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 978211400407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180125472468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 180125472468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1158336872875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1158336872875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1158336872875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1158336872875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    249261476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249261476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    126672233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126672233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    375933709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    375933709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    375933709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    375933709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54511.920619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54511.920619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49839.386160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49839.386160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53728.624806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53728.624806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53728.624806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53728.624806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5705330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          5705330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10333146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10333146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10370983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10370983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10370983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10370983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7611762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7611762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3576282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3576282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11188044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11188044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11188044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11188044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228367169525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228367169525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166558403861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 166558403861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 394925573386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 394925573386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 394925573386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 394925573386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5456078218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5456078218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7572991410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7572991410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13029069628                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13029069628                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30001.879923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30001.879923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46573.062153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46573.062153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35298.893478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35298.893478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35298.893478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35298.893478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2788094303                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       215553403                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    215553403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     25379000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    181775731                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       109892970                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    976197392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1153631089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          215553403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    109892970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            356769571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       98216575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         189607854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     655936648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       100590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       486754                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        166436746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     16972507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1308296                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2251281877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.956231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.430327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1902509673     84.51%     84.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        28036664      1.25%     85.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14456672      0.64%     86.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26698371      1.19%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21013701      0.93%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27341763      1.21%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17164170      0.76%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        20535018      0.91%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       193525845      8.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2251281877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.413770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1160459614                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    676718146                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        332107897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      9813158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      72183061                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2109993396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      72183061                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1184703656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      507476958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     84713627                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        316614085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     85590489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2062438131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       676730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      31862215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     44671300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       611266                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2346165843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   5093768965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   5085334873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      8434092                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1819332995                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       526832837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2056573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2062398                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        197058463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    315756908                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    163789429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31015827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     24083995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1980254265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5326270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1849803957                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3983258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    391288035                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    550195419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1707769                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2251281877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.821667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.564894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1569232653     69.70%     69.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    222126991      9.87%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    155960953      6.93%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    105436602      4.68%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     75521047      3.35%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     62347987      2.77%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41767810      1.86%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     16088401      0.71%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2799433      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2251281877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6579288     48.45%     48.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        18713      0.14%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3769657     27.76%     76.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      3211874     23.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8455522      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1398004694     75.58%     76.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1527615      0.08%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    292274950     15.80%     91.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    149541176      8.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1849803957                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.663465                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           13579532                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5969275577                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2373124220                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1801571806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4784567                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4146748                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2143288                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1852612833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        2315134                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     35055930                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     71909682                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       254548                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       418498                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     37101261                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       219177                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      72183061                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      432563281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      3857624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1985580535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     15142434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    315756908                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    163789429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2452706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1802461                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       734889                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       418498                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8829955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18995872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     27825827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1823323437                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    284547047                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     26480520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           430984138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       173297880                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         146437091                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.653968                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1806454915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1803715094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1223141239                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1879215667                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.646935                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.650879                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    425989768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3618501                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     25420568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2179331894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.715606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.781600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1708051425     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    162618699      7.46%     85.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     63793608      2.93%     88.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     82333878      3.78%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     37040859      1.70%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26327633      1.21%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19538487      0.90%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     11716361      0.54%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     67910944      3.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2179331894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    841761326                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1559542151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             370535390                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            243847223                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            2000274                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         154473110                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1691608                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1549494585                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     67910944                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4096558634                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         4043504639                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               14129847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              536812426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          1036288066                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          841761326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1559542151                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    841761326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.312215                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.312215                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.301913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.301913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3610168517                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2058905513                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3207192                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1708058                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      793482680                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1727815                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          639919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       546392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        59552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1126250696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       195965773                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1323462860                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1126250696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1126250696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide       274432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1787058                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    130743751                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       132805241                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            22254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        68299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         7444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        140781337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         30476889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           171356289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide         4288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           38465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19367605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19410358                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             502224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       428822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        46738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          883908804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          153798681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            1038685683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     883908804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        883908804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       215381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           1402526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         102610860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            104228767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       215795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           1904750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       428822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        46738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         883908804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         256409542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           1142914451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           67                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       274432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           67                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      356127                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1503266                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      4637                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4633                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 4221                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4633                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               11674373                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     9270                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1859393                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         7275                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2235977                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 9438396                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          3639                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          3636                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8829                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3826632739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 106693615                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   204583023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           201790567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2673547                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13546304                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  201790567                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2673547                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         513809863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        223048382                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            4894141                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           2303945                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    49930747                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  30514465                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19416282                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             3588230301.644399                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             238402437.355601                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.062301                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.937699                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
