
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  96868                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172388                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53378925                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529294                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        941947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       123648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       123648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         123840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    423931100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    231494467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              974909874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    423931100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         424589378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    423931100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    231494467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1280350915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.573192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001366580000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.573192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.598325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.598325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246165824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246165824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247088824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247088824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247088824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247088824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174833.681818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174833.681818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172789.387413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172789.387413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172789.387413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172789.387413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1763400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11303.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       654800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229200992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229200992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229855792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229855792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229855792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229855792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162784.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162784.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160738.316084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160738.316084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160738.316084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160738.316084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1304                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1451.179976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.313650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           71.041063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.368747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.847330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.020306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.114227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.709918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.666390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    974.912858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    376.499136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.238016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.091919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.354292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             532                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  532                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          509                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3187699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       728334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209621345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88991256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      302528634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24335395                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24335395                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3187699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       728334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209621345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113326651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       326864029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3187699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       728334                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209621345                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113326651                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      326864029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          532                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              532                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.641201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.675755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.449311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.779553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.641201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.694844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.462716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.641201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.694844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.462716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91077.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66212.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89200.572340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97046.080698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91013.427798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100559.483471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99735.225410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91077.114286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66212.181818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89200.572340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97779.681622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91609.873599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91077.114286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66212.181818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89200.572340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97779.681622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91609.873599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2997099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       667690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196507377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83957863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284130029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22992421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22992421                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2997099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       667690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196507377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106950284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307122450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2997099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       667690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196507377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106950284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307122450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325671                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325671                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.640928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.675755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.640928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.694844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.640928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.694844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85631.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 60699.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83655.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91557.102508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85788.052234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95010.004132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95010.004132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85631.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 60699.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83655.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92278.070751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86415.996061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85631.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 60699.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83655.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92278.070751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86415.996061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1820.306409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            7.649603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.392203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.250442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1248.531661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    524.482594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    530                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2801                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2799342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183392032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79510016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266273680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21970365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21970365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2799342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183392032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101480381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288244045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2799342                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183392032                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101480381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288244045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.828571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.822478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.842913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.967078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.828571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.822478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.851374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.828571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.822478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.851374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96529.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95381.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94923.412008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96609.982989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95063.791503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94293.412017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93490.914894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96529.034483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95381.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94923.412008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96098.845644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94942.043808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96529.034483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95381.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94923.412008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96098.845644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94942.043808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2397064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156239980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68003882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227129389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18659460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18659460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2397064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156239980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86663342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245788849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2397064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156239980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86663342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245788849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.828571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.822478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.828571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.822478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.847729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.828571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.822478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82657.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81410.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80869.554865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82629.261239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81408.383154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80083.519313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80083.519313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82657.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81410.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80869.554865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82067.558712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81306.268277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82657.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81410.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80869.554865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82067.558712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81306.268277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3156                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.812865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.113752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369803300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.032691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.780174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.888243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.890260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23008                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23008                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293001438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293001438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293001438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293001438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293001438                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293001438                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67125.186254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67079.083791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67125.186254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67079.083791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67125.186254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67079.083791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227818657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227818657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227818657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227818657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227818657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227818657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62160.615825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62160.615825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62160.615825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62160.615825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62160.615825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62160.615825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           79                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.646760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.797468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.128285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.518474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.657405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.665422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          369                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1886877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1886877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1886877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1886877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1886877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1886877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.193833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.197826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.193833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.197826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.193833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.197826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21441.784091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20734.912088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21441.784091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20734.912088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21441.784091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20734.912088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1611468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1611468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1611468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1611468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1611468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1611468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.193833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.193833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.193833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18312.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18312.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18312.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18312.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18312.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18312.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2266                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.878663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.044987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.833676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          326                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          326                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2276                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2276                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29074769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29074769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29074769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     29074769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29074769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     29074769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12774.503076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12740.915425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12774.503076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12740.915425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12774.503076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12740.915425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22069782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22069782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22069782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22069782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22069782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22069782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9696.740773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9696.740773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9696.740773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9696.740773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9696.740773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9696.740773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1185                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               359.798608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.863291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.402200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   359.396408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.701946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.702732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29012                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29013                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15548                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15551                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2905                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2909                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199014357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199014357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27784035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27784035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    226798392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226798392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    226798392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226798392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77437.492996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77377.277216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82937.417910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82445.207715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78071.735628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77964.383637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78071.735628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77964.383637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          532                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              532                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96489109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96489109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25714717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25714717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122203826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122203826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122203826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122203826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7795666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7795666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11782464                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11782464                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71104.722918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71104.722918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79122.206154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79122.206154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72653.879905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72653.879905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72653.879905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72653.879905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41402                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41402                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30626                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16565                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       173798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                197223                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        149551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          642                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27359                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.908956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.386247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          346055     85.85%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2781      0.69%     86.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2097      0.52%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2842      0.71%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4563      1.13%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4136      1.03%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5424      1.35%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2207      0.55%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32997      8.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.253495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          172730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       156895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        351981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177364                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        334046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       369607                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       831802                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       831712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       231062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          138545                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          990                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          995                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32366                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2198                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            310112                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277220                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       146912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          853                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.687717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.453789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       300525     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33865      8.40%     82.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21382      5.30%     88.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17580      4.36%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12238      3.04%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9053      2.25%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6026      1.49%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1986      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          447      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            660     47.01%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           389     27.71%     74.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          355     25.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3076      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215186     77.62%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37969     13.70%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20979      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277220                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.356317                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1404                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005065                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       961336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       412368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       264391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        275534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15507                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8421                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           45                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       311801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1264                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1236                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       269394                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36085                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27806                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20013                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.346258                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265179                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               264400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           174548                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277121                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.339839                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629862                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          836                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       384606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.490648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       316873     82.39%     82.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24444      6.36%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12435      3.23%     91.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10324      2.68%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6106      1.59%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3501      0.91%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1841      0.48%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2511      0.65%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6571      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       384606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       110967                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        203406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43192                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27264                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22668                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           201556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6571                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              689689                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             642272                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2553                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 374913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97838                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             110967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               203406                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       110967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.011229                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.011229                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.142628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.142628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          523353                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         290607                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116507                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           674                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.094629                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 94629105504                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15096462069690                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31328                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57207                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34224298                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2764.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86621659                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158175587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1966208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5876800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18601728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26705536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5876800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5876800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10551296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10551296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       290652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               417274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         164864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              164864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20778047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              852845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1090235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62103514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    196575122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              282212707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62103514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62103514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        111501593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             111501593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        111501593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20778047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             852845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1090235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62103514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    196575122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             393714300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48716                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.886793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.410540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.476253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.275659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.654766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           249                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              249                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16727                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1524                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32564                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17766                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1769379580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1789862580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5466302120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127621000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5593923120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5486785120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1897000580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7383785700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5486785120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1897000580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7383785700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42232.989691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 108938.528506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107004.398876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176105.094072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83740.813648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171782.432134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174045.523236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106777.022402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149799.876245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174045.523236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106777.022402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149799.876245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52811172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5403                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9774.416435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14554800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1573925466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588480266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5092237520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    108991800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5201229320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5106792320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1682917266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6789709586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5106792320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1682917266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6789709586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859560                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992412                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30009.896907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 96904.658663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94965.042506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164054.043814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71516.929134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159723.293207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161991.826170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94726.852752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137747.450569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161991.826170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94726.852752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137747.450569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1382655                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3296.696735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2191213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1385635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.581378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          715.971391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    72.442452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    29.885702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1337.292908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1141.103075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.174798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.326488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.278590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.804858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       353779                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41562                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       405055                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       741517                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1541913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          867340                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               867340                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42081                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               42081                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        62554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                62554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       353779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       405055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       804071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1604467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       353779                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       405055                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       804071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1604467                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       601927                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       509403                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1161010                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4728                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4728                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       181079                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             181079                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       601927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       690482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1342089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32804                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16876                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       601927                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       690482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1342089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    867002911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    475387147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20797286672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27122898523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    49262575253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217020847                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    217020847                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13294682516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13294682516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    867002911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    475387147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20797286672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40417581039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     62557257769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    867002911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    475387147                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20797286672                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40417581039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    62557257769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1250920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2702923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       867340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           867340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           46809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       243633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           243633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1494553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2946556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1494553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2946556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.429539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101006                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.101006                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.743245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.743245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.455477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.455477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26429.792434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28169.420894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34551.177588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53244.481330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42430.793234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45901.194374                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45901.194374                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73419.239757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73419.239757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26429.792434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28169.420894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34551.177588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58535.314518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46611.854928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26429.792434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28169.420894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34551.177588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58535.314518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46611.854928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              362099                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   362099                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       601923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       509403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1160922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4728                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       181079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        181079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       601923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       690482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1342001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       601923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       690482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1342001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    687615779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    381995410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17396898826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24302635399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42769145414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314358360                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314358360                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12285040881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12285040881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    687615779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    381995410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17396898826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36587676280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55054186295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    687615779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    381995410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17396898826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36587676280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55054186295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    189229480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    189229480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    303857469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    303857469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    493086949                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    493086949                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101006                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101006                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.743245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.743245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.455447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20981.166784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22706.735422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28902.199826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47708.072781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36840.670962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66488.654822                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66488.654822                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67843.542769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67843.542769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20981.166784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22706.735422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28902.199826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52988.602570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41023.953257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20981.166784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22706.735422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28902.199826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52988.602570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41023.953257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        358226                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30731.336432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1138710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        390538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.915747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8217.313955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.138846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.163776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.103429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.282394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   147.922240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    94.106651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9409.254980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12856.050161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.250773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.287148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.937846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       510095                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       317656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 874533                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          362099                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               362099                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1553                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1553                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        66774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                66774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       510095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       384430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  941307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       510095                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       384430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 941307                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191748                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               286390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4552                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4552                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       304676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                399318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       304676                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               399318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    151336912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112609196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8588828143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17881488755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26734263006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136814870                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    136814870                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10680049319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10680049319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    151336912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112609196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8588828143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28561538074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37414312325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    151336912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112609196                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8588828143                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28561538074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37414312325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       601923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       509404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1160923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       362099                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           362099                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       179702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           179702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       601923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       689106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1340625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       601923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       689106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1340625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.376416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.246692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745618                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.745618                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.628418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93881.459057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93684.855241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.691238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93255.151318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93349.149782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30055.990773                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30055.990773                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94573.970309                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94573.970309                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93881.459057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93684.855241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.691238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93743.970887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93695.531694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93881.459057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93684.855241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.691238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93743.970887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93695.531694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              132674                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   132674                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          286390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4552                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4552                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           399318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          399318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128768707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95731024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7294972539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15183851842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22703324112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341178079                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341178079                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9077159730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9077159730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128768707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95731024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7294972539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24261011572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31780483842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128768707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95731024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7294972539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24261011572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31780483842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    167379658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    167379658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268845010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268845010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    436224668                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    436224668                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.376416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745618                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745618                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.049187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79881.331886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79643.114809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79441.701213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79186.493950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79274.151025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74951.247583                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74951.247583                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80380.062783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80380.062783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79881.331886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79643.114809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79441.701213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79628.889614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79586.905278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79881.331886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79643.114809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79441.701213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79628.889614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79586.905278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                89746849                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12692                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 87185438                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2561411                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8052                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4639                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 292                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1006981                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11226039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1007493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.142548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11218301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11218301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11218301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11218301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11218301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11218301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1143750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1143750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1143750                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1143750                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33835917563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33835917563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33835917563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33835917563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33835917563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33835917563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12362051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12362051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12362051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12362051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12362051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12362051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29583.315902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29583.315902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29583.315902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29583.315902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29583.315902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29583.315902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4575466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33643.132353                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       136761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       136761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       136761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1006989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1006989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1006989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25564356077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25564356077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25564356077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25564356077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25564356077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25564356077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25386.926845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25386.926845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25386.926845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25386.926845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25386.926845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25386.926845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        60331                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.686695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        314117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        60346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.205266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002278217300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.686695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313648                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       313648                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       313648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       313648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        63465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        63465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        63465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1119385603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1119385603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1119385603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1119385603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1119385603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1119385603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       377113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       377113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       377113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17637.841377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17637.841377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17637.841377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17637.841377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17637.841377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17637.841377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    909767564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909767564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    909767564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909767564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    909767564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909767564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14334.949405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14334.949405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14334.949405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14334.949405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14334.949405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14334.949405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       397151                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.890421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1694012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       397167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.265239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.890421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.993151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.993151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1693587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1693587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1693587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1693587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1693587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1693587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400275                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       400275                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       400275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       400275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5912391745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5912391745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5912391745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5912391745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5912391745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5912391745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2093862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2093862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2093862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2093862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2093862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14770.824421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14770.824421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14770.824421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14770.824421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14770.824421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14770.824421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       130159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       130159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       400275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       400275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       400275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       400275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4615957433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615957433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4615957433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615957433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4615957433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615957433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11531.965356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11531.965356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11531.965356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11531.965356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11531.965356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11531.965356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1495754                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.531176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                22119288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1496266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.782992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.531176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14204718                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14204718                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7856366                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7856366                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     22061084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        22061084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     22061084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       22061084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2159210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2159210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       292603                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       292603                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2451813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2451813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2451813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2451813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92454571918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92454571918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16043753652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16043753652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108498325570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108498325570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108498325570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108498325570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16363928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16363928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8148969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8148969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24512897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24512897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24512897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24512897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42818.703099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42818.703099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54831.131779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54831.131779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44252.284155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44252.284155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44252.284155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44252.284155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       729300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           729300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       905567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       905567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       908881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       908881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       908881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       908881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1253643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1253643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       289289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       289289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1542932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1542932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1542932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1542932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37593196356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37593196356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14871280561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14871280561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52464476917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52464476917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52464476917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52464476917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    197843646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    197843646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    316100133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    316100133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    513943779                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    513943779                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29987.162498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29987.162498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51406.311892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51406.311892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34003.103777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34003.103777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34003.103777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34003.103777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               232323966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17517657                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17517657                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1871157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13504283                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9537612                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     58287147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              81278723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17517657                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9537612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25516728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7788662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1960513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      93050792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        18067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       277043                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1032                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12362151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1140729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27632                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    184883317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.803159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.224657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       160207673     86.65%     86.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1438938      0.78%     87.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1469869      0.80%     88.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2252128      1.22%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2127616      1.15%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1697345      0.92%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1726860      0.93%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1705812      0.92%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12257076      6.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    184883317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.349851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        60965648                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94147751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22561172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1436751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5771995                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     144472127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5771995                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        63192151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       71423369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13150619                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21601813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9743370                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     140034475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       136916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2728934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5949602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       229202                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    158074972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    364507787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    362859541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1648246                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113902065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        44173033                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       386927                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       387217                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21146707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22770695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10839681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3288406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1982281                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133986766                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       470696                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        122346511                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       373849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32669470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51000970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       158139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    184883317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.661750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    132366440     71.59%     71.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20275280     10.97%     82.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13875064      7.50%     90.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7599609      4.11%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5402121      2.92%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2991410      1.62%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1748292      0.95%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       533818      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        91283      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    184883317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         288641     46.55%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6326      1.02%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        217940     35.15%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       107134     17.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       847492      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90388133     73.88%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       422721      0.35%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20763564     16.97%     91.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9924601      8.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     122346511                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.526620                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             620041                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005068                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    430083610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166318747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118433969                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1090676                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       880862                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       505620                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     121575619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         543441                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3868299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5779987                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        33995                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        77249                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2689662                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21389                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5771995                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51467393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       777443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134457462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1183587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22770695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10839681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       445367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        355263                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        27596                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        77249                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       906096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153316                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2059412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120289848                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20241275                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2056670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29981176                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13291912                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9739901                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.517768                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             119178103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118939589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80851563                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        131155067                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.511956                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616458                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34731488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1905949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    179155221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.556616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.601331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    147271221     82.20%     82.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12759176      7.12%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4477100      2.50%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5060252      2.82%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2073676      1.16%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1171359      0.65%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       642153      0.36%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       780077      0.44%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4920207      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    179155221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55297478                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99720744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25140737                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16990721                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9519                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11725179                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99193857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4920207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           308558570                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          274703957                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 883068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               47440649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            51847431                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55297478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99720744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55297478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.201348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.201348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.238019                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.238019                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       244293335                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      132430532                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           836889                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          436769                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       58199862                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360626                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2118720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       376104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320164096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52390865                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375117387                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320164096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320164096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36459224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45364637                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        47013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40020512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8260933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48597425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5008666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5149036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       160712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             553677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22389729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3974507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3383357523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          553644301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3964080449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3383357523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3383357523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     82976923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11131681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         385285519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            479394123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     83137635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11685358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22389729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3974507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3383357523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         938929820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4443474571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               89746849                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12692                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2561411                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                87185438                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4639                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8052                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                437                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      284172024                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30257714                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56566823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56128164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380896                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4679540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56128164                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380896                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145370462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63595660                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13262978                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8261738                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5001240                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             217838097.420417                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66333926.579583                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.233429                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.766571                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
