
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70361                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   124896                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39131367                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      521196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        925159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    238897546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              995553635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    238897546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1302896873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.292547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046419000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.292547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246193824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246193824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247117824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247117824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247117824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247117824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174853.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174853.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1694700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10725.949367                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       655800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       655800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229229592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229229592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229885392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229885392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229885392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229885392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29809.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29809.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162805.107955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162805.107955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           138                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1775.039990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.152174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           70.050064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.987611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.941480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1238.653189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    428.658172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.302406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.433359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1883                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4593                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             330                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  330                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2759                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204864002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76747310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      285080222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37183063                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37183063                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204864002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113930373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322263285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204864002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113930373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322263285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.746926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.375272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.902743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.903465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.402785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.402785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105076.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105421.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103258.065524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105277.517147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103327.372961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102715.643646                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101871.405479                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105076.689655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103258.065524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104427.472961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103157.261524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105076.689655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103258.065524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104427.472961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103157.261524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       399586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193913423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72774153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269975586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35183363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35183363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       399586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193913423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107957516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305158949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       399586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193913423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107957516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305158949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.746926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.902743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.400722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99600.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99896.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97738.620464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99827.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98315.945375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97191.610497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97191.610497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99600.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99896.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97738.620464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98952.810266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98184.990026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99600.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99896.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97738.620464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98952.810266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98184.990026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1743.180694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.340248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.146858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1260.247512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    442.696449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          722                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2788946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       385386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187016962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70123002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      260314296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33783625                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33783625                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2788946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       385386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187016962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103906627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294097921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2788946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       385386                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187016962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103906627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294097921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.992389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.993274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.993274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96170.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.468020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97123.271468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95074.615047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93843.402778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93067.837466                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96170.551724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.468020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96032.002773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.703644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96170.551724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.468020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96032.002773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.703644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2385931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       329200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159318511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60075465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222109107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28668484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28668484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2385931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       329200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159318511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250777591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2385931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       329200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159318511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250777591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.988149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82273.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80872.340609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83207.015235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81507.929174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79634.677778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79634.677778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82273.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80872.340609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82018.437153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.332577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82273.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80872.340609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82018.437153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.332577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3358                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.301363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.211435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049633300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.003911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4525                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291551712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291551712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291551712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291551712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291551712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291551712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64474.062804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.317569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64474.062804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.317569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64474.062804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.317569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226765873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226765873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226765873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226765873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226765873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226765873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58641.291182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.291182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           83                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.085549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           83                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.819277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.745730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          493                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           94                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1634294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1634294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1634294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1634294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1634294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1634294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.988506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.106383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.988506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.988506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1363173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1363173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1363173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15668.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15668.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2397                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.110296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.019659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31444050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31444050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31444050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31444050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31444050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31444050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.889421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.889421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.889421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13063.585376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.102362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13063.585376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.102362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13063.585376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.102362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24056999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24056999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24056999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24056999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24056999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24056999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9994.598671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9994.598671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   622                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               502.573754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   15085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.252412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.839459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.734295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.488998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.490795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27888                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16526                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16530                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2155                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144821210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144821210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     40848743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40848743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185669953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185669953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185669953                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185669953                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83230.580460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83230.580460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99147.434466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98430.706024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86277.859201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86157.750812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86277.859201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86157.750812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81573248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81573248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38302850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38302850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119876098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119876098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119876098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119876098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83408.229039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83408.229039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95757.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95757.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  771555                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38384                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29212                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15159                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       170810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        173589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          986                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             29                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       419703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.814748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.277614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          366561     87.34%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2546      0.61%     87.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1942      0.46%     88.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2868      0.68%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3927      0.94%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3727      0.89%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5227      1.25%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2027      0.48%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30878      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       419703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       182387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         114317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11924                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           96                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       341852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       773512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       773422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       214391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          989                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1000                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25123                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            291221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1664                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261584                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       133810                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          848                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       419703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.623260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.401620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       322971     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32107      7.65%     84.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20199      4.81%     89.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16351      3.90%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11337      2.70%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8682      2.07%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5584      1.33%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2012      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          460      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       419703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            521     38.97%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     32.24%     71.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          385     28.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2931      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200818     76.77%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35902     13.72%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21923      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261584                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339035                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1337                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       946508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       386573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        259976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14666                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8108                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         101230                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25123                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           221                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6265                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253924                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34000                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25808                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20949                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329107                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                249858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249049                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161243                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252944                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322788                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637465                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       402194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.475552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.392139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       335740     83.48%     83.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24876      6.19%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12655      3.15%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10216      2.54%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6038      1.50%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3040      0.76%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1716      0.43%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2522      0.63%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5391      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       402194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       105462                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        191264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42626                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25619                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20817                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           189367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              689536                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             603419                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 351852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98877                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             105462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               191264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       105462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.315953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.315953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.136688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.136688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          489628                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270494                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111277                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048994942287                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132502567066                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85466                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1706806137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4750540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35182.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1559345611                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3006856171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            99968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       152704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2417152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     47874432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            53996672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2417152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2417152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     35904960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         35904960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        37768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       748038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               843698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         561015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              561015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       797256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 899210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           597928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                597928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           597928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       797256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1497138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   285727                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.889746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   285742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.034117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.855629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.928477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            56                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               56                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3528                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       408050                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          411578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22582                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73782                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        430632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           485360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       430632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          485360                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507592664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47156616413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47664209077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9025229600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    967253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9992482600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9532822264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48123869413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57656691677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9532822264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48123869413                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57656691677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       408234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        411762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       430872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         485600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       430872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        485600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143875.471655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115565.779716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115808.447189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176274.015625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42832.920025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135432.525548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174185.467476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111751.726330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118791.601444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174185.467476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111751.726330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118791.601444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    406548128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8551.526640                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55366                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55366                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       408050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       411578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       430632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       485360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       430632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       485360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464942092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42232499400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42697441492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8408123548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    682878901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091002449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8873065640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42915378301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51788443941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8873065640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42915378301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51788443941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999242                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131786.307256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103498.344321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103740.825535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164221.163047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30239.965503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123214.367312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162130.274083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99656.733129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106701.095972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162130.274083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99656.733129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106701.095972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6375459                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3988.932365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        44108562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6379444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          6.914170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  46547291242000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1544.741596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.015230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   140.141453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.352616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1049.258197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1253.390818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.377134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.256167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.306004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20356947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       251836                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11932116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5225619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               37766518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7938170                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7938170                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1072619                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1072619                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1183585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1183585                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20356947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       251836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11932116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6409204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                38950103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20356947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       251836                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11932116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6409204                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               38950103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1053345                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3587762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              4771075                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       188356                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            188356                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1557750                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1557750                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1053345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5145512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6328825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1053345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5145512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6328825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2836306321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    131281388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26015385099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118797600057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   147780572865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1730829264                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1730829264                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73877960452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  73877960452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2836306321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    131281388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26015385099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192675560509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    221658533317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2836306321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    131281388                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26015385099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192675560509                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   221658533317                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20482696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12985461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8813381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           42537593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7938170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7938170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1260975                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1260975                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2741335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2741335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20482696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12985461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11554716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            45278928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20482696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12985461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11554716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           45278928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.112161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149373                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.149373                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.568245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.139774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.139774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22555.299215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31116.707277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24697.876858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33111.895398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30974.271598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9189.137930                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9189.137930                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47426.069942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47426.069942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22555.299215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31116.707277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24697.876858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37445.362193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35023.647094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22555.299215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31116.707277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24697.876858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37445.362193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35023.647094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3768946                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3768946                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1053333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3587762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4771063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       188356                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       188356                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1557750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1557750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1053333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5145512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6328813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1053333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5145512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6328813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2165117645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    108473572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20026782136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98923702682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 121224076035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16957751708                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16957751708                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65053433622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65053433622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2165117645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    108473572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20026782136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163977136304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186277509657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2165117645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    108473572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20026782136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163977136304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186277509657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8425490530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8425490530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11692112144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11692112144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20117602674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20117602674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149373                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149373                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17217.772269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25710.730505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19012.773867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27572.537610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25408.190174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90030.324003                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90030.324003                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41761.151418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41761.151418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17217.772269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25710.730505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19012.773867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31867.992204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29433.245959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17217.772269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25710.730505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19012.773867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31867.992204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29433.245959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        760547                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32033.656421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         7742420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        792823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.765635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18131.735354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.252076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.317552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   128.816460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    23.896906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2282.539257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11464.082606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.553337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.069658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.349856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.977590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       123363                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3728                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1015564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3114844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4257499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3768946                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3768946                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1842                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1842                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1048306                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1048306                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       123363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1015564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4163150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5305805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       123363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3728                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1015564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4163150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5305805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37769                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       472918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               513564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       370298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            370298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       325660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             325660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       798578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                839224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       798578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               839224                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    221100548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45612692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3534772462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43662534461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47464020163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    646144000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    646144000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30036187649                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  30036187649                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    221100548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45612692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3534772462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73698722110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     77500207812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    221100548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45612692                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3534772462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73698722110                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    77500207812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1053333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3587762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            4771063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3768946                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3768946                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       372140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          372140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1373966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1373966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1053333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4961728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6145029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       125749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1053333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4961728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6145029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.107641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995050                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.995050                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.237022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.136570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.136570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92665.778709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92897.539715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93589.252085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92325.803757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92420.847573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1744.929759                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1744.929759                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92231.737545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92231.737545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92665.778709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92897.539715                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93589.252085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92287.443568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92347.463624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92665.778709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92897.539715                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93589.252085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92287.443568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92347.463624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              505649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   505649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       472918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          513564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       370298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       370298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       325660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        325660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       798578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           839224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       798578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          839224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    187621967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     38730346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3001679098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37024622025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40252653436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28235151667                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28235151667                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25344241707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25344241707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    187621967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     38730346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3001679098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62368863732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65596895143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    187621967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     38730346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3001679098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62368863732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65596895143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7560090666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7560090666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10396534065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10396534065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17956624731                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17956624731                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995050                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995050                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.136570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.160948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78634.520956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78880.541752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.677593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78289.728928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78379.040268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76249.808714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76249.808714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77824.239105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77824.239105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78634.520956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78880.541752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.677593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78099.902241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78163.750254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78634.520956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78880.541752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.677593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78099.902241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78163.750254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24235241                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        67864                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18744                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        330                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   256                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18556                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19074                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24303105                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3228729                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9041                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18750                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12985464                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137930426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12985976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.621491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137921878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137921878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137921878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137921878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137921878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137921878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13558754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13558754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13558754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13558754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13558754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13558754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 195353086607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 195353086607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 195353086607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 195353086607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 195353086607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 195353086607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151480632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151480632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151480632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    151480632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151480632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    151480632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14407.893720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14407.893720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14407.893720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14407.893720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14407.893720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14407.893720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       466238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33302.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       573274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       573274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       573274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       573274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       573274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       573274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12985480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12985480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12985480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12985480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12985480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12985480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 143051390550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 143051390550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 143051390550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 143051390550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 143051390550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 143051390550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11016.257431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11016.257431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11016.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11016.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11016.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11016.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       256162                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.982631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        318962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       256178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.245080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5084417643000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.982624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       318564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       318564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       318564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       256369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       256369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       256369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4895766767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4895766767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4895766767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4895766767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4895766767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4895766767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       574933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       574933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       574933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.445911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.445911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.445911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19096.563028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19096.563028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19096.563028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19096.563028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19096.563028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19096.563028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       256369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       256369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4117796065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4117796065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4117796065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4117796065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4117796065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4117796065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.445911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.445911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.445911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16061.989028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16061.989028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16061.989028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16061.989028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16061.989028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16061.989028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20485676                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10140707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20485692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.495014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10140327                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10140327                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10140327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10140327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10140327                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10140327                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20487218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20487218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20487218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20487218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20487218                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20487218                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235250574527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 235250574527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235250574527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 235250574527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235250574527                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 235250574527                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30627545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30627545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30627545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30627545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30627545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30627545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.668915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.668915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.668915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.668915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.668915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11482.797446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11482.797446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11482.797446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11482.797446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11482.797446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11482.797446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2821                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2821                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20487218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20487218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20487218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20487218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20487218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20487218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 173147612828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 173147612828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 173147612828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 173147612828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 173147612828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 173147612828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.668915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.668915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.668915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8451.494626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8451.494626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8451.494626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8451.494626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8451.494626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8451.494626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              11533339                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1022.488896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               255631896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              11534363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.162637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083707826648                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1022.488896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    150171016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      150171016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    104123918                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     104123918                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    254294934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       254294934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    254294934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      254294934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18850030                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18850030                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4023124                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4023124                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22873154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22873154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22873154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22873154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 614152355978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 614152355978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132901665027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 132901665027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 747054021005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 747054021005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 747054021005                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 747054021005                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169021046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169021046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108147042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108147042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277168088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    277168088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277168088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    277168088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32580.974989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32580.974989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33034.444135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33034.444135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32660.734982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32660.734982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32660.734982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32660.734982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7935246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7935246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10030608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10030608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10066852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10066852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10066852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10066852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8819422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8819422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3986880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3986880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12806302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12806302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12806302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12806302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206836847996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 206836847996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 116340881780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 116340881780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 323177729776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 323177729776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 323177729776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 323177729776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8769682965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8769682965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12158509753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12158509753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20928192718                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20928192718                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036865                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036865                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23452.426701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23452.426701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29180.933908                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29180.933908                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25235.835433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25235.835433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25235.835433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25235.835433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2317000382                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       203170605                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    203170605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22651574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    130360385                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91441723                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    789526998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             927102560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          203170605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91441723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            308124321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       76102963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           7562208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1042847123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4646284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1140010                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          126                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        151480645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13943358                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          62213                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2206729884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.843380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.299699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1904259977     86.29%     86.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23803491      1.08%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15534760      0.70%     88.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19251776      0.87%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21559712      0.98%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19660002      0.89%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17149615      0.78%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23036799      1.04%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       162473752      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2206729884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.087687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.400131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       764619040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1092022563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        287304692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      9900775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      52882814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1831445042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      52882814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       797485164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      776258160                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    203082316                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        263074242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    113947188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1790055258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1486042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      45623574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     57438938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1601307                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2002250301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4555486470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4251636002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303850468                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1524817275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       477433136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3583433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3696233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        268570434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    200549392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    126311186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14098923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12676910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1630352852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6327009                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1534126250                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8819266                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    260295918                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    385135703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1935105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2206729884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.695203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.396257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1579137696     71.56%     71.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    241485987     10.94%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    151418007      6.86%     89.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87098320      3.95%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62225096      2.82%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44299188      2.01%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     31238651      1.42%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7934453      0.36%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1892486      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2206729884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3236228     36.69%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13021      0.15%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3321916     37.67%     74.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2248374     25.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     32894813      2.14%      2.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1103807473     71.95%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90680183      5.91%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188728542     12.30%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118015239      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1534126250                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.662117                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8819539                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005749                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5085226846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1750311556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1400196185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215441597                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    146803239                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105629689                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1402357410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107693566                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15579905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34988906                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       198855                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       155234                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     18889026                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       108931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      52882814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      597548037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8871037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1636679861                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     55766722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    200549392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    126311186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4262493                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       4578771                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       704893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       155234                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6990985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18313558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25304543                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1513148810                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    184433129                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20977440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           301076737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155088074                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         116643608                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.653064                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1506963153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1505825874                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1006735835                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1733781890                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.649903                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580659                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    286783699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4391904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22739335                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2154169813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.626634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.663400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1721443742     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152277110      7.07%     86.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     89473626      4.15%     91.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63362920      2.94%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26091201      1.21%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17185840      0.80%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13726020      0.64%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8961749      0.42%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     61647605      2.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2154169813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    675713467                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1349876329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             272982660                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            165560497                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1528244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         140795055                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270458                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1275711805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     61647605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3728435134                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3327200179                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5619678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              110270498                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        178009240939                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          675713467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1349876329                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    675713467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.428969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.428969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.291633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.291633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3059451090                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1574151472                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185080763                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96533270                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      597576687                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3118613                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72806848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77632416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9333643368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1863296769                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11347870697                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9333643368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9333643368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24544329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1204106363                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230465220                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9100856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9704052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1166705421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260241268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1445774320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          409452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156693215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157131019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1212457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155433798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31029608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188976863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155433798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155433798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            408738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20052065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20491021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            415016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1212457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155433798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51081673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209467884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       67864                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24235241                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       330                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18744                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18556                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19074                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24303105                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9041                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3228729                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13629                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327305193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 882565428                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1655092213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1648325527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442013                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111677316                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1648325527                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442013                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4197250701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1818496338                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717033                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364275                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417595781                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260544395                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157051386                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178387961576.557159                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1939343616.442831                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010755                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989245                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
