
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57262                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   102081                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31150306                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536828                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              316160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308568914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    284242814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1082621049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        304843295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             304843295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        304843295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308568914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    284242814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1387464345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.739951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613328000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.739951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.546247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.546247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    256337824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    256337824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    257246824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    257246824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    257246824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    257246824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41318.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41318.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182058.113636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182058.113636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179892.883916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179892.883916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179892.883916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179892.883916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1500400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9038.554217                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       640100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       640100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239389176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239389176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    240029276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    240029276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    240029276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    240029276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29095.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29095.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170020.721591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170020.721591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167852.640559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167852.640559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167852.640559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167852.640559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           232                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1808.117739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              57                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.245690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           53.589253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.921472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.462515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.275762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1179.655421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    523.213450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.013083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.288002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.127738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2580                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1623                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             370                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  370                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2580                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1623                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4592                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7619578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223246183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106228096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339835318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32787945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32787945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7619578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223246183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139016041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       372623263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7619578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223246183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139016041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      372623263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          370                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              370                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.415406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.909884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.910145                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.806811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.436357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.806811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.436357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108851.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109658.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104126.018190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107301.107071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104855.081148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104753.817891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104420.207006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108851.114286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109658.440000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104126.018190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106689.210284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104816.670323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108851.114286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109658.440000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104126.018190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106689.210284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104816.670323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7235978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2604161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211408617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100798718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322047474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31051345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31051345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7235978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2604161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211408617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131850063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353098819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7235978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2604161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211408617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131850063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353098819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.909884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.907246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.806811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.434761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.806811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103371.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104166.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98604.765392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101816.886869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99735.978321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99205.575080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99205.575080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103371.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104166.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98604.765392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101189.610898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99689.107566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103371.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104166.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98604.765392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101189.610898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99689.107566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1801.256189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.310250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.409662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.370609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1206.705630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    540.460173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               8                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    8                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3220                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3532                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6995878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2518961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203937216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97307022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      310759077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29817409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29817409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6995878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2518961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203937216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127124431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       340576486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6995878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2518961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203937216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127124431                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      340576486                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            8                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                8                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.993521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.994090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.994090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99941.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100758.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95880.214386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98688.663286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96509.030124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95875.913183                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95568.618590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99941.114286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100758.440000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95880.214386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98014.210486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96425.958664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99941.114286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100758.440000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95880.214386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98014.210486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96425.958664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6023645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2171464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174061497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83547957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265804563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25401397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25401397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6023645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2171464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174061497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108949354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291205960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6023645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2171464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174061497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108949354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291205960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.990431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86052.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86858.560000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81834.272214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84734.236308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82856.783978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81676.517685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81676.517685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86052.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86858.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81834.272214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84001.043948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82752.475135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86052.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86858.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81834.272214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84001.043948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82752.475135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3256                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.637799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.825246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616545300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.339565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26372                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26372                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26381                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310576792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310576792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310576792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    310576792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310576792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    310576792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69886.766877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69871.044319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69886.766877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69871.044319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69886.766877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69871.044319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    242903251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242903251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    242903251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242903251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    242903251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242903251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64481.882400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64481.882400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64481.882400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64481.882400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64481.882400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64481.882400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           89                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.064444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           89                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.269663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598743676300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.929936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.683121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.691528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3844825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3844825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3844825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      3844825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3844825                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      3844825                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.167732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.167732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.167732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37694.362745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36617.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37694.362745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36617.380952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37694.362745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36617.380952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3515359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3515359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3515359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3515359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3515359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3515359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34464.303922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34464.303922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34464.303922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34464.303922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34464.303922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34464.303922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2641                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.920386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.271109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618585300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.814638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.105748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          795                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          795                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2651                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2658                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37014477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37014477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37014477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37014477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37014477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37014477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13962.458318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13925.687359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13962.458318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13925.687359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13962.458318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13925.687359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28835207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28835207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28835207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28835207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28835207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28835207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10877.105621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10877.105621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10877.105621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10877.105621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10877.105621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10877.105621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   821                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               508.974573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   22909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 27.903776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.098211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   507.876362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.495973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.497045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17431                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17432                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        50192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           50193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        50192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          50193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2747                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216704421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216704421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36069755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36069755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252774176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252774176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252774176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252774176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90671.305858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90633.383940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101035.728291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100753.505587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92018.265744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91951.319025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92018.265744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91951.319025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          370                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              370                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111951666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111951666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33813397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33813397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145765063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145765063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145765063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145765063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10647940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10647940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019451                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88081.562549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88081.562549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97726.580925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97726.580925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90145.369821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90145.369821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90145.369821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90145.369821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44845                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44845                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6943                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32531                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18037                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       192446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44845                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          694                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             54                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       445883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.894203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.370180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          383837     86.08%     86.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2791      0.63%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2452      0.55%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3473      0.78%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5076      1.14%     89.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3753      0.84%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5818      1.30%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2845      0.64%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35838      8.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       445883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          192181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20887                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        383098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20887                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        49955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13963                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        364204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       401789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       910681                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       910523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244838                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          156841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1039                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37223                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3264                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            338535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1721                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           300331                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       169062                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          830                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       445883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.673565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.445472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       334693     75.06%     75.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36935      8.28%     83.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23728      5.32%     88.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18157      4.07%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13035      2.92%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9951      2.23%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6606      1.48%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2286      0.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          492      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       445883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            743     48.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           413     26.68%     74.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          392     25.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3258      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230991     76.91%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42674     14.21%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23398      7.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        300331                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.342603                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1548                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1050745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       453931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       286045                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        298590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5203                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18768                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          178                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9769                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20887                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92452                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       340256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1339                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          178                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6604                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       291329                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40440                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29949                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22294                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.332334                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                286892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               286063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           188259                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           299192                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326327                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629225                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       123078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       425085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.441826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350449     82.44%     82.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27575      6.49%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13802      3.25%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11844      2.79%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6898      1.62%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3483      0.82%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2013      0.47%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2800      0.66%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6221      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       425085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118151                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47846                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                30010                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24096                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758963                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             701611                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2529                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 430732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.419446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.419446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          564916                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         312891                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         128281                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.836127                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2836127499201                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10435190652711                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27046                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    47064                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               25498830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5267064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                111225.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3008204828                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5234779737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1824192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6815680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1342912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     92990144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    464895744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           567872256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     92990144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       92990144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    256927040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        256927040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        28503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1452971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7263996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8873004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4014485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4014485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       643198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2403164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       473502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     32787716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    163919198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              200228042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     32787716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          32787716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         90590793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              90590793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         90590793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       643198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2403164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       473502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     32787716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    163919198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             290818835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    29377                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    29393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.858720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.129799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.991170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.008112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28864                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          28936                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            29424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           29424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2074691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20573691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5173747392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5519000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5179266392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5192246392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7593691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5199840083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5192246392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7593691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5199840083                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           77                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          29442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         29442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.974052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41664.414414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47152.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42159.202869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179245.682927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 76652.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178990.406138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177161.402757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65462.853448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176721.046867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177161.402757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65462.853448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176721.046867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     34552400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10426.191913                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28911                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28911                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     13025400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1528900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14554300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4825900428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4635500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4830535928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4838925828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6164400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4845090228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4838925828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6164400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4845090228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999827                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29336.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34747.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29824.385246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167194.443875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 64381.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166938.620680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165105.972021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53141.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164664.567292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165105.972021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53141.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164664.567292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          451                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1847296                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          451                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28773336                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3988.609674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       100112980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28777296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.478888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7624876337137                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1003.629159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.376806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.647100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    905.202844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1889.746160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.245027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.220997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.461364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45490089                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3731447                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17166879                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19189054                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               85577469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20118058                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20118058                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1380882                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1380882                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4321399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4321399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45490089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3731447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17166879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     23510453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                89898868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45490089                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3731447                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17166879                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     23510453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               89898868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601879                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6472750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15909114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23182204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13890                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13890                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5192614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5192614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6472750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21101728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28374818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601879                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198461                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6472750                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21101728                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28374818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21702399547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6104469271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258477307326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 691524203330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   977808379474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199144433                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    199144433                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 358233449347                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 358233449347                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21702399547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6104469271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258477307326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1049757652677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1336041828821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21702399547                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6104469271                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258477307326                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1049757652677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1336041828821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46091968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3929908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23639629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35098168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          108759673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20118058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20118058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1394772                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1394772                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9514013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9514013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46091968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3929908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23639629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44612181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           118273686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46091968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3929908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23639629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44612181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          118273686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.213151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009959                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.009959                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.545786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.239908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.239908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 36057.745073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30759.037146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39933.151647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43467.172548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42179.267315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14337.252196                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14337.252196                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68989.038921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68989.038921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 36057.745073                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30759.037146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39933.151647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49747.473414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47085.476595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 36057.745073                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30759.037146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39933.151647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49747.473414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47085.476595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10271705                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10271705                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6472744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15909045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23182003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13890                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13890                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5192614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5192614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6472744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21101659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28374617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6472744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21101659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28374617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18423029119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5004353158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221833652779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 602486368912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 847747403968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1029410965                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1029410965                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 329129653167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 329129653167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18423029119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5004353158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221833652779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 931616022079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1176877057135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18423029119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5004353158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221833652779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 931616022079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1176877057135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    164904139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    164904139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    383920892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    383920892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    548825031                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    548825031                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009959                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009959                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.239906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30612.395016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25223.808496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34271.964530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37870.681044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36569.204308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74111.660547                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74111.660547                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63384.194005                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63384.194005                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30612.395016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25223.808496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34271.964530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44148.946871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41476.403263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30612.395016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25223.808496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34271.964530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44148.946871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41476.403263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8818844                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32179.669386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        24607630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8851135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.780167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7624711044700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11007.102846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.052853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   511.354838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   127.610852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6308.304190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14225.205322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.335910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.192514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.434119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       495321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177415                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5019772                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11723318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               17415826                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10271705                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10271705                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3662                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3662                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2113938                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2113938                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       495321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5019772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     13837256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                19529764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       495321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5019772                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     13837256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               19529764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4185727                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5766177                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10321                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10321                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3078583                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3078583                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7264310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8844760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7264310                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8844760                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9933031679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1985921858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 135800199844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 391913324969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   539632478350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80552158                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     80552158                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 285800587554                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 285800587554                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9933031679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1985921858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 135800199844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 677713912523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    825433065904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9933031679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1985921858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 135800199844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 677713912523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   825433065904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6472744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15909045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23182003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10271705                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10271705                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13983                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13983                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5192521                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5192521                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6472744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21101566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28374524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       601816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6472744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21101566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28374524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.176956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.248735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.738111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.738111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.592888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.176956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.344255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.311715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.176956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.344255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.311715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.282070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94644.324358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93463.741795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93630.885380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93585.833101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7804.685399                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7804.685399                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92835.108735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92835.108735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.282070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94644.324358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93463.741795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93293.638697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93324.529541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.282070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94644.324358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93463.741795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93293.638697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93324.529541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             3985574                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  3985574                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4185727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5766177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10321                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10321                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3078583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3078583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7264310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8844760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1452972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7264310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8844760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8439322883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1692497637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115312273713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332954980672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 458399074905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    808306096                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808306096                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241645991486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241645991486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8439322883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1692497637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115312273713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 574600972158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 700045066391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8439322883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1692497637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115312273713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 574600972158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 700045066391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    147071746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    147071746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    337881122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    337881122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    484952868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    484952868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.176956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.738111                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.738111                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.176956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.344255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.311715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.176956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.344255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79246.188863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80660.422104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79363.039145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79545.316900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79497.919489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78316.645286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78316.645286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78492.602436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78492.602436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79246.188863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80660.422104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79363.039145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79099.181086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79148.000216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79246.188863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80660.422104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79363.039145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79099.181086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79148.000216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          766                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         13                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    7103                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        31                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2518                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            11                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2161                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     4942                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  15                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23639802                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               731486924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23640314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.942352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    731478745                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      731478745                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    731478745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       731478745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    731478745                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      731478745                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25376299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25376299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25376299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25376299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25376299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25376299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 583968829284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 583968829284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 583968829284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 583968829284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 583968829284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 583968829284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    756855044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    756855044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    756855044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    756855044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    756855044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    756855044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23012.371870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23012.371870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23012.371870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23012.371870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23012.371870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23012.371870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15617032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41314.899471                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1736377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1736377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1736377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1736377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1736377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1736377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23639922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23639922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23639922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23639922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23639922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23639922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 442428697461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 442428697461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 442428697461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 442428697461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 442428697461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 442428697461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18715.319681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18715.319681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18715.319681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18715.319681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18715.319681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18715.319681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3930163                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13316624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3930179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.388300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13316440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13316440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13316440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13316440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13316440                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13316440                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3930371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3930371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3930371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3930371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3930371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3930371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  56662340043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  56662340043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  56662340043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  56662340043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  56662340043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  56662340043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17246811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17246811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17246811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17246811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17246811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17246811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14416.537279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14416.537279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14416.537279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14416.537279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14416.537279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14416.537279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3930371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3930371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3930371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3930371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3930371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3930371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44197938216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44197938216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44197938216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44197938216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44197938216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44197938216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11245.233139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11245.233139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11245.233139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11245.233139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11245.233139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11245.233139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     46106462                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      92613613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     46106478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.008690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92613237                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     92613237                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92613237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     92613237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92613237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     92613237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46118549                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     46118549                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46118549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     46118549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46118549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     46118549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 535368308796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 535368308796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 535368308796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 535368308796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 535368308796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 535368308796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138731786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    138731786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138731786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    138731786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138731786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    138731786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11608.524561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11608.524561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11608.524561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11608.524561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11608.524561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11608.524561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        52301                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        52301                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46118549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46118549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46118549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46118549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46118549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46118549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 390825526551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 390825526551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 390825526551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 390825526551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 390825526551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 390825526551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8474.367365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8474.367365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8474.367365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8474.367365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8474.367365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8474.367365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              44612113                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1023.998337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1512338072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              44613137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 33.898940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7599246353300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.998337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1112654790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1112654790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    398034327                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     398034327                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1510689117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1510689117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1510689117                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1510689117                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     57419059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     57419059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10940289                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10940289                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     68359348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      68359348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     68359348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     68359348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1950376225149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1950376225149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 473944456739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 473944456739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2424320681888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2424320681888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2424320681888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2424320681888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1170073849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1170073849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    408974616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    408974616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1579048465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1579048465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1579048465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1579048465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33967.401401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33967.401401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43321.018004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43321.018004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35464.362268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35464.362268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35464.362268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35464.362268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20063511                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20063511                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22312110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22312110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        50876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22362986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     22362986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22362986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     22362986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35106949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35106949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10889413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10889413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45996362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     45996362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45996362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     45996362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 921687475279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 921687475279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 431460606167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 431460606167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1353148081446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353148081446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1353148081446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353148081446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    171986011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    171986011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    401400970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    401400970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    573386981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    573386981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26253.704794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26253.704794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39622.026106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39622.026106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29418.589267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29418.589267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29418.589267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29418.589267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              8516899397                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       878375674                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    878375674                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     95268967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    636853434                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       514739847                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2844514752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4873252000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          878375674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    514739847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1445429873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      490730607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         116356265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2527127784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       110796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2646423                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5632                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        756855379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     47982881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1784762                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7329602998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.167038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.604249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      5908132489     80.61%     80.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        88456722      1.21%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        85658857      1.17%     82.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       131305693      1.79%     84.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        98538255      1.34%     86.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       119268997      1.63%     87.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        88635206      1.21%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        98929195      1.35%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       710677584      9.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7329602998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.103133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.572186                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2948396767                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2599714785                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1335712239                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     52367734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     393411473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8349623206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     393411473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3065386278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2082465797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     62848491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1261880746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    463610213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8117151686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4115705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      79523528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    356680332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2401442                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9089152476                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20469955640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20401407646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     68547994                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5915371424                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3173781158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3487881                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3497052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1018994392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1578462054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    637491717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     96998096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     65926322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7747748879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6411728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6789523097                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     14782536                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2435455989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3651142353                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2639044                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7329602998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.926315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.538149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4602310682     62.79%     62.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    963308750     13.14%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    684513844      9.34%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    426581094      5.82%     91.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    299457466      4.09%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    196083691      2.68%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    109949863      1.50%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     39684984      0.54%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7712624      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7329602998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9726462     29.41%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        62700      0.19%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13496247     40.81%     70.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9782900     29.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     45466477      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4859650527     71.58%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10756339      0.16%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1347054873     19.84%     92.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    526594881      7.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6789523097                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.797182                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           33068309                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  20952031352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10154747789                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6565351205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     41307058                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36014726                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18949071                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6756565334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20559595                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    141249513                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    522012913                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1184383                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1204463                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    228523447                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       333261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     393411473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1483213420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     30345339                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7754160607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45645460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1578462054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    637491833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5815032                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      11828606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3742664                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1204463                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     65933116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36813515                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    102746631                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6677814714                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1311599648                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    111708383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1828205077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       641374901                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         516605429                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.784066                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6605101724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6584300276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4622442664                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7171093347                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.773087                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644594                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2538295626                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3772684                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     95561172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   6936911037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.752365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.801347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5310152919     76.55%     76.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    559576298      8.07%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    256357366      3.70%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    308757436      4.45%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    114783783      1.65%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     66884471      0.96%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     50633628      0.73%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34957461      0.50%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    234807675      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   6936911037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999758379                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5219086220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1465417545                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1056449154                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             241608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         547070352                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          14809868                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5188066481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    234807675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         14458576530                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        15909845876                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               21885216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1187296399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999758379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5219086220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999758379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.839195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.839195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.352212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.352212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     12993235864                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7322599618                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18308460                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        13960408                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3222294280                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3293092                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       176552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        77535200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        13186804                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           90981948                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     77535200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      77535200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1454                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9498560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10732910                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        22069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9691900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2043474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11767638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              60                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1278163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1297487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        62251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        27694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           27338404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            4649581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              32079640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      27338404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         27338404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       434711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           3349130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3784354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       435560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        62251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        27694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          27338404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           7998711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             35863993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         766                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        13                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   7103                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       31                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2518                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           11                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    4942                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2161                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 16                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     8511304497                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7369425                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13785271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13729272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9589                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1061268                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13729272                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9589                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          35526560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15761593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14503                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6110                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3329064                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2047898                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1281166                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             8495204021.873197                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             16100475.126803                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001892                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998108                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
