
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54015                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29404969                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536439                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              310912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464606604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    282270427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1064650416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464606604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464825758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464606604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    282270427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1355906160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.731514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613482000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.731514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    243716832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    243716832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    244626832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    244626832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    244626832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    244626832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181336.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181336.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179082.600293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179082.600293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179082.600293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179082.600293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1281900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9860.769231                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       630600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       630600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227535284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227535284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228165884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228165884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228165884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228165884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28663.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28663.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169297.086310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169297.086310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167032.125915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167032.125915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167032.125915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167032.125915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           494                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1765.151048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.295547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           64.456976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.708033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.385919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.665854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.859001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.154441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1150.842624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    502.078222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.280967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.430945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2492                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1580                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4464                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             550                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  550                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2492                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1580                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          365                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4531                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7801935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2764089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223712158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106160541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340438723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32770595                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32770595                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7801935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2764089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223712158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138931136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       373209318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7801935                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2764089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223712158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138931136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      373209318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.580679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.770062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.424890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.824607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.580679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.443639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.580679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.443639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106875.821918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102373.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102245.044790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106373.287575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103225.810491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104364.952229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104033.634921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106875.821918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102245.044790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105892.634146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103296.240797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106875.821918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102245.044790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105892.634146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103296.240797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  36                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       36                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7402869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2616189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211626178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100690047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322335283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31028206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31028206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7402869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2616189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211626178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131718253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353363489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7402869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2616189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211626178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131718253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353363489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7066717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7066717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.580679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.770062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.580679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.442043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.580679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101409.164384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96895.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96721.287934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100891.830661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98093.512781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98815.942675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98815.942675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101409.164384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96895.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96721.287934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100395.009909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98156.524722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101409.164384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96895.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96721.287934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100395.009909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98156.524722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1799.454726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.447799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.907795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.275014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.635749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    540.188506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              36                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   36                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2500989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203389733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96944264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309927655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29865699                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29865699                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2500989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203389733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126809963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       339793354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2500989                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203389733                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126809963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      339793354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           36                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               36                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.931507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.968921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.978958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.970891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.996815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.931507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.968921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.973145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.931507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.968921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.973145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104303.955882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100039.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95938.553302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99226.472876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96791.897252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95723.394231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95417.568690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104303.955882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100039.560000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95938.553302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98378.559348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96669.517496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104303.955882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100039.560000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95938.553302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98378.559348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96669.517496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6149342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2154287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173615934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83322106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265241669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25429766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25429766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6149342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2154287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173615934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108751872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290671435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6149342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2154287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173615934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108751872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290671435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6324507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6324507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9158507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9158507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.931507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.968921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.978958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.931507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.968921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.969546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.931507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.968921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90431.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86171.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81894.308491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85283.629478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83147.858621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81505.660256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81505.660256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90431.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86171.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81894.308491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84369.179209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83001.551970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90431.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86171.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81894.308491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84369.179209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83001.551970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3257                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.733113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.739331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616681300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.435173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25996                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25996                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312000466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312000466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312000466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312000466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312000466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312000466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70018.057899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70002.348216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70018.057899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70002.348216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70018.057899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70002.348216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243585452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243585452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243585452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243585452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243585452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243585452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64645.820594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64645.820594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64645.820594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64645.820594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64645.820594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64645.820594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          108                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.043114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.314815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745660300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.908606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4116987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4116987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4116987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4116987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4116987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4116987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34024.685950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33201.508065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34024.685950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33201.508065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34024.685950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33201.508065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3728173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3728173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3728173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3728173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3728173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3728173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30811.347107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30811.347107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30811.347107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30811.347107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30811.347107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30811.347107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2556                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.255869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.102440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2566                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2566                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35927499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35927499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35927499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35927499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35927499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35927499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.765091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.765091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.765091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14001.363601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.272056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14001.363601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.272056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14001.363601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.272056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27996341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27996341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27996341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27996341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27996341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27996341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10910.499221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10910.499221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10910.499221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10910.499221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10910.499221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10910.499221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1166                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.186816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.418525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598700833300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.685436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17377                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17378                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49692                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2816                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218016751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218016751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36797809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36797809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254814560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254814560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254814560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254814560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90052.354812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90015.173823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93159.010127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92923.760101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90488.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90423.903478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90488.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90423.903478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          550                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              550                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112970755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112970755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34415644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34415644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147386399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147386399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147386399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147386399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7335864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7335864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10657098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10657098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87168.792438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87168.792438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89391.283117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89391.283117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87677.810232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87677.810232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87677.810232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87677.810232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44297                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32228                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17821                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17821                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          393                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             64                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.879430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.354066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388157     86.33%     86.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2744      0.61%     86.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2491      0.55%     87.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3327      0.74%     88.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5082      1.13%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3683      0.82%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5739      1.28%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2786      0.62%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35630      7.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2246                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109607                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          142                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398821                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       902680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       902530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244091                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1091                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3139                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1387                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1816                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297749                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.433214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339021     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36972      8.22%     83.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23607      5.25%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17987      4.00%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13040      2.90%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9814      2.18%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6503      1.45%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2206      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          489      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            725     48.17%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           392     26.05%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3246      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229105     76.95%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42058     14.13%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23330      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297749                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339605                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1505                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005055                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1049340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448537                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18196                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9588                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1025                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6514                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289003                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39902                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29602                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22266                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329630                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283867                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186951                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297138                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323772                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629172                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6920                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       354901     82.67%     82.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27551      6.42%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13734      3.20%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11733      2.73%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6845      1.59%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3475      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2043      0.48%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2775      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6236      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117762                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47628                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29808                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24011                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              760131                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             695089                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2531                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 427112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216544                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.445110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.445110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560799                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310530                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126949                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.062736                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2062735624908                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9661798778418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21525770                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5021320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95826.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004973527                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3484008729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1500992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4355392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       838464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61085440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    315299776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           383081344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61085440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61085440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    177141568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        177141568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       954460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4926559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5985646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2767837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2767837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       727671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2111464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       406482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29613800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    152855156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              185715193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29613800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29613800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85877010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85877010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85877010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       727671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2111464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       406482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29613800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    152855156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             271592203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23872                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.989242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.010132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23512                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23884                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15819442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4205168064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1915000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4207083064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4220310064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2592442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4222902506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4220310064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2592442                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4222902506                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42296.089385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48388.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42525.381720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179034.743869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79791.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178933.440966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176981.886438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68222.157895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176808.847178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176981.886438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68222.157895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176808.847178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28762000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2774                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10368.421053                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10703900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11207700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3922142788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1620800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3923763588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3932846688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2124600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3934971288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3932846688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2124600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3934971288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29899.162011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30128.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166984.962023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 67533.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166883.446240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164926.892896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55910.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164753.445319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164926.892896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55910.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164753.445319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      21774412                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4005.040767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        85521143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      21778498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.926861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7628851852300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1023.394765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.006374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   142.929016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.104855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    894.553919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1899.048772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.249852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.218397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.463635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.977793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30588060                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2301639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10233158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18387957                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               61510814                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        28035612                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             28035612                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1091208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1091208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14624525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14624525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30588060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2301639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10233158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     33012482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                76135339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30588060                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2301639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10233158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     33012482                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               76135339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488217                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185110                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4984015                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12083647                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             17740989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3929177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3929177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4984015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16012824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              21670166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488217                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4984015                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16012824                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             21670166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16104274177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5145552291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185574114285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 491659433534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   698483374287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94723785                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     94723785                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256715251231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 256715251231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16104274177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5145552291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185574114285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 748374684765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    955198625518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16104274177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5145552291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 185574114285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 748374684765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   955198625518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31076277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2486749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15217173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30471604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           79251803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     28035612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         28035612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1099411                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1099411                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18553702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18553702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31076277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2486749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15217173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49025306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97805505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31076277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2486749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15217173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49025306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97805505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.327526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.223856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007461                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007461                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211773                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.211773                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.327526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.221564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.327526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.221564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32985.893930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27797.268062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37233.859506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40688.000364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39371.163259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11547.456418                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11547.456418                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65335.629123                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65335.629123                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32985.893930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27797.268062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37233.859506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46735.958927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44078.971316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32985.893930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27797.268062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37233.859506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46735.958927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44078.971316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7938193                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7938193                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4984010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12083600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17740831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3929177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3929177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4984010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16012777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         21670008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4984010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16012777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        21670008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13449632595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4119436045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157349392904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 424033491531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 598951953075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    637424776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    637424776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 234784954607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 234784954607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13449632595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4119436045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157349392904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 658818446138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 833736907682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13449632595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4119436045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157349392904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 658818446138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 833736907682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99476840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99476840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    231670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    231670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    331146840                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    331146840                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.327525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007461                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007461                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.327525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.221562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.327525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27550.786182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22261.806831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31570.842134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35091.652449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33761.211810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77706.299646                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77706.299646                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59754.232148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59754.232148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27550.786182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22261.806831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31570.842134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41143.297389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38474.231652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27550.786182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22261.806831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31570.842134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41143.297389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38474.231652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5935925                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32206.527151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        19716445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5968419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.303462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625716981085                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11443.311086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.086619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.175398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   502.946548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.563167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6374.096714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13756.339449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.349222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.194522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.419810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171944                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9309348                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               13930964                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7938193                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7938193                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1803                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1803                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1776659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1776659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     11086007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                15707623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       420123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171944                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4029549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11086007                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               15707623                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2774252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3809867                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2152488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2152488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4926740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5962355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954461                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4926740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5962355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6348602553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1240718832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89196204217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 259580675485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   356366201087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     54500563                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     54500563                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 199817999802                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 199817999802                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6348602553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1240718832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89196204217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 459398675287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    556184200889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6348602553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1240718832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89196204217                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 459398675287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   556184200889                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4984010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12083600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           17740831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7938193                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7938193                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8233                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8233                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3929147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3929147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4984010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16012747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            21669978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       488176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       185045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4984010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16012747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           21669978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.139403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.214751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781003                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.781003                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.547826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.139403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.275144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.139403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.275144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93289.091634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.131898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93451.910782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93567.806921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93537.701208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8475.981804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8475.981804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92831.179455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92831.179455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93289.091634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.131898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93451.910782                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93245.975084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.637630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93289.091634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.131898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93451.910782                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93245.975084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.637630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2744333                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2744333                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2774252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3809867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6430                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6430                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2152488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2152488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4926740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5962355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4926740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5962355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5394245588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1057558282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75737262663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220497142151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302686208684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    503952690                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    503952690                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168969709250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 168969709250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5394245588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1057558282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75737262663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 389466851401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 471655917934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5394245588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1057558282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75737262663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 389466851401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 471655917934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88820365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88820365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    203235513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    203235513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    292055878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    292055878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.139403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781003                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781003                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.139403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.275144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.139403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79265.360645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80723.477750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79350.819639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79479.853363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79447.972510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78375.223950                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78375.223950                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78499.721834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78499.721834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79265.360645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80723.477750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79350.819639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79051.634834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79105.641636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79265.360645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80723.477750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79350.819639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79051.634834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79105.641636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3165                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      900                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2265                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15217291                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               482221851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15217803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.688007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    482213687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      482213687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    482213687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       482213687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    482213687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      482213687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16427672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16427672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16427672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16427672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16427672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16427672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 407942112267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 407942112267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 407942112267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 407942112267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 407942112267                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 407942112267                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    498641359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    498641359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    498641359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    498641359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    498641359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    498641359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24832.618539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24832.618539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24832.618539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24832.618539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24832.618539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24832.618539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8809974                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40598.958525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1210291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1210291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1210291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1210291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1210291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1210291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15217381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15217381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15217381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15217381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15217381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15217381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 314363121369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 314363121369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 314363121369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 314363121369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 314363121369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 314363121369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20658.161964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20658.161964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20658.161964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20658.161964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20658.161964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20658.161964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2486881                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8733586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2486897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.511841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8733362                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8733362                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8733362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8733362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8733362                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8733362                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2487083                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2487083                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2487083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2487083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2487083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2487083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38920873226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38920873226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38920873226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38920873226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38920873226                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38920873226                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11220445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11220445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11220445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11220445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11220445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11220445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15649.205606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15649.205606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15649.205606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15649.205606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15649.205606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15649.205606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1446                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1446                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2487083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2487083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2487083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2487083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2487083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2487083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31048016565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31048016565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31048016565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31048016565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31048016565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31048016565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12483.707446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12483.707446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12483.707446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12483.707446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12483.707446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12483.707446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31082327                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61367265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31082343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.974345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61366689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61366689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61366689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61366689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61366689                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61366689                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31089828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31089828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31089828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31089828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31089828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31089828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 395157156839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 395157156839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 395157156839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 395157156839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 395157156839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 395157156839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92456517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     92456517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92456517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     92456517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92456517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     92456517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.336264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.336264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.336264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12710.175072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12710.175072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12710.175072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12710.175072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12710.175072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12710.175072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        25366                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        25366                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31089828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31089828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31089828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31089828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31089828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31089828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298088925886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 298088925886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298088925886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 298088925886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298088925886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 298088925886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9587.988904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9587.988904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9587.988904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9587.988904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9587.988904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9587.988904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              49025418                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               977086395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              49025930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.929992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    729396566                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      729396566                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    246388976                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     246388976                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    975785542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       975785542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    975785542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      975785542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47808967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47808967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19677846                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19677846                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     67486813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      67486813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     67486813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     67486813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1510566689658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1510566689658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 538307381010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 538307381010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2048874070668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2048874070668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2048874070668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2048874070668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    777205533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    777205533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    266066822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    266066822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1043272355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1043272355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1043272355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1043272355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31595.886388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31595.886388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27356.011477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27356.011477                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30359.621081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30359.621081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30359.621081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30359.621081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     28008800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         28008800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17332660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17332660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17369949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17369949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17369949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17369949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30476307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30476307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19640557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19640557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50116864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     50116864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50116864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     50116864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 734057597469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 734057597469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 464188172676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 464188172676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1198245770145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1198245770145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1198245770145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1198245770145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103716073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103716073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    242547589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    242547589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    346263662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    346263662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073818                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073818                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24086.172825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24086.172825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23634.165399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23634.165399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23909.033298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23909.033298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23909.033298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23909.033298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6194401276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       585314613                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    585314613                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     62758443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    421843397                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       340260273                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1923100911                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3235407213                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          585314613                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    340260273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            956026793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      324058185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          80719432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2154249464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        78866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1764238                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2433                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        498641557                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30479976                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1163121                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5376094565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.054106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.501073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4435796483     82.51%     82.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59394647      1.10%     83.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57068084      1.06%     84.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84371807      1.57%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64641510      1.20%     87.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        78024259      1.45%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58622397      1.09%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65499065      1.22%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       472676313      8.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5376094565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.094491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.522312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1986603050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2210990036                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        878777692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39571359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     260152428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5532704717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     260152428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2073129653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1806995176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     30918929                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        823995069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    380903310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5375731500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2907237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55805213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    307193592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1727942                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6030523980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13542038269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13496430951                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45607318                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3946276618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2084247284                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1441716                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1439253                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        795846516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1052236730                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    406471733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     64772838                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40587849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5142187304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2940907                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4515832602                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9689944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1603572463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2377532899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1271124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5376094565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.839984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.472144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3513182855     65.35%     65.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    696881633     12.96%     78.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    463937515      8.63%     86.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281060774      5.23%     92.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    193268444      3.59%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126779711      2.36%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70816298      1.32%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25315182      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4852153      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5376094565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6306404     31.86%     31.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        23072      0.12%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8782447     44.37%     76.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4682172     23.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31219704      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3236834776     71.68%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7068248      0.16%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    900001283     19.93%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    340708591      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4515832602                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.729018                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19794095                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004383                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14434124468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6725927835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4371626727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27665127                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23513308                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12877990                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4490611855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13795138                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     99915001                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    346080819                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       851834                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       777763                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    140408417                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       221152                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         6209                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     260152428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1287040280                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26754303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5145128211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30569465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1052236730                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    406471748                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2514928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8383210                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3087099                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       777763                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42950041                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24420342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67370383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4445497768                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    877411883                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70334834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1211914446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       428175095                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334502563                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.717664                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4397926882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4384504717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3060618676                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4727297972                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.707817                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647435                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1672902856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1669783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62956303                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5116219108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.679088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.720594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4018961482     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390740642      7.64%     86.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168838829      3.30%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205792093      4.02%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75940972      1.48%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44543254      0.87%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33001002      0.65%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23124907      0.45%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155275927      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5116219108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759445                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3474362514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             972219225                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            706155886                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184932                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         364655778                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10318487                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3452662926                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155275927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10107812045                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10555730363                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16186857                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              818306711                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3474362514                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.097573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.097573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.322833                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.322833                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8648763667                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4886093746                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12228030                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9356844                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2144306660                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1365573                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43559128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7379826                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51055090                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43559128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43559128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5291813                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6525165                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5444891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1132376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6591708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          710917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             730200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21117165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3577689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24751155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21117165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21117165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       597699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2565434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3163355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       598867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21117165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6143123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27914510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3165                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2265                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     900                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6193377478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4138122                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7739839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7707176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       579313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7707176                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19826306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8868197                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1846816                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1134172                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   712644                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6184330592.026555                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9046885.973445                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001461                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998539                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
