
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 116626                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   209473                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               61528679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549634                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              243520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241456073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              839799230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433252533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        152068770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241456073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             991868000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      700                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.249468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064529000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.249468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125404912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    125404912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125912912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    125912912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125912912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    125912912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178131.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178131.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       805400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10738.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       361200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       361200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    116925492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116925492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    117286692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117286692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    117286692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117286692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166087.346591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166087.346591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           11                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        45056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           11                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1340                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1348.878938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           76.805213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.443511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.395812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.564700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.211484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.036363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    892.041914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    351.379954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.329316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1614                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4626                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       894754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213443637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88774846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306488204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28786487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28786487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       894754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213443637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117561333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       335274691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374967                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       894754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213443637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117561333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      335274691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.667875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.426680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.055556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.784153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.784153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.442449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.442449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76703.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74562.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89009.022936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96389.626493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90569.800236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100301.348432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100301.348432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76703.795455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74562.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89009.022936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97318.984272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91330.615908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76703.795455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74562.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89009.022936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97318.984272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91330.615908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  89                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       89                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3134571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       827529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200128685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83724514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287815299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27191606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27191606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3134571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       827529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200128685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110916120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315006905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3134571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       827529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200128685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110916120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    315006905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.667875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.784153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.441364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71240.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68960.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83456.499166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90906.095548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85278.607111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94744.271777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94744.271777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71240.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68960.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83456.499166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91817.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86020.454670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71240.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68960.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83456.499166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91817.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86020.454670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1665.900916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.242223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.674466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.959654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1133.246644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    482.778006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              89                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   89                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186607931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79159799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269313290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25940134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25940134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186607931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105099933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295253424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186607931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105099933                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295253424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.834811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.845189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.845189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95159.577257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96772.370416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95332.138053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93985.992754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93985.992754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95159.577257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96069.408592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95212.326346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95159.577257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96069.408592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95212.326346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159050775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67739879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229821951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21999886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21999886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159050775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89739765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251821837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159050775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89739765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251821837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82843.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81106.973483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82811.588020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81612.908736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79709.731884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79709.731884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82843.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81106.973483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82029.035649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81443.026197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82843.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81106.973483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82029.035649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81443.026197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3502                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.449183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.855511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971193650000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.432823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   418.016360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.816438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.817284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4674                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4674                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298949511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298949511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298949511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298949511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298949511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298949511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63987.480950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.100770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63987.480950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.100770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63987.480950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.100770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234864397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234864397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234864397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234864397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234864397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234864397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58540.477817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58540.477817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          129                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.584159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.527132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.123675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.460483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.007730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.591280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2564061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2564061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2564061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2564061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2564061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2564061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18715.773723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.721429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18715.773723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.721429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18715.773723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.721429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2130335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2130335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2130335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15549.890511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.890511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2382                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.334634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.109152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.270102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30974364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30974364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30974364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30974364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30974364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30974364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12932.928601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.748957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12932.928601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.748957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12932.928601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.748957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23582762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23582762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23582762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23582762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23582762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23582762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9846.664718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9846.664718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1245                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               352.545663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 28.905221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.154959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   352.390704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.688263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.688566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20682                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20682                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209898248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209898248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32756283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32756283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242654531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242654531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242654531                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242654531                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78554.733533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78525.345305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82302.218593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82302.218593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.563844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79014.826115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.563844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79014.826115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96527072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96527072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30259605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30259605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126786677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126786677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126786677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126786677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652526                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652526                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69997.876722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69997.876722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78801.054688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78801.054688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  837207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49063                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49063                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35121                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21507                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21507                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          563                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       460888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.947126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.423732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392547     85.17%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3064      0.66%     85.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2779      0.60%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3846      0.83%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6162      1.34%     88.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4123      0.89%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6280      1.36%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3280      0.71%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38807      8.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       460888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.273120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198122                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        420061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58922                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        399091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       438453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       999290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       999200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49932                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335299                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       157280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1038                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       460888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.727506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.495774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       338059     73.35%     73.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39995      8.68%     82.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26135      5.67%     87.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        20012      4.34%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14995      3.25%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10690      2.32%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7936      1.72%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2576      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          490      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       460888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            862     50.59%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           432     25.35%     75.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          410     24.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4103      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259478     77.39%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45083     13.45%     92.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26625      7.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335299                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.400497                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1704                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005082                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1135586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       482248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319957                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16760                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9276                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          906                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       372051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49932                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6703                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325456                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42818                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33819                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25571                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.388740                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208813                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340051                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.382183                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614064                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       440626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.574496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.538489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355553     80.69%     80.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30430      6.91%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16330      3.71%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13229      3.00%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8112      1.84%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3475      0.79%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2324      0.53%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2790      0.63%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8383      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       440626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133825                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54294                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33169                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27929                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              804099                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             764755                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 376319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1767                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.255984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.255984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.159847                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.159847                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          645653                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349263                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140088                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003924036349                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426814758                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50368                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3795239615                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4550360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5270.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137682373                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265480229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       467456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1450816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3602624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       467456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         467456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 180096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                272001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28841                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.900236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34794                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         33992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644729253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655829253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2925227920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186285000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4111512920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2936327920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1831014253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4767342173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2936327920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1831014253                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4767342173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42692.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40707.744223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40739.797056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175794.947115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65345.653850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118167.296660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173747.214201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53866.034743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93675.669516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173747.214201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53866.034743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93675.669516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21371500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1869                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11434.724452                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7905500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    447534300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455439800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2724678400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961684300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3686362700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2732583900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409218600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141802500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2732583900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409218600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141802500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30405.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28256.995833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28291.700832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163742.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52973.686240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105948.229580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161691.355030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41457.360555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.156645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161691.355030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41457.360555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.156645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        567932                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3141.409339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4727572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        571097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          8.278054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          452.416434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.453276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.675649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2127.068561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    534.795305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.110453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.519304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.130565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.766946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       763161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3285784                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       341878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4430925                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          346659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               346659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22669                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               22669                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        84527                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                84527                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       763161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3285784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       426405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4515452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       763161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3285784                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       426405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4515452                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       141559                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               517633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14047                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14047                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              36576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       178135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                554209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          887                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370760                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       178135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               554209                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    110362121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25451281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8502005059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4525288409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13163106870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342137026                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    342137026                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1961859670                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1961859670                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    110362121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25451281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8502005059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6487148079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     15124966540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    110362121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25451281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8502005059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6487148079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    15124966540                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3656544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       483437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4948558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       346659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           346659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36716                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36716                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       121103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           121103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3656544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       604540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5069661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3656544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       604540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5069661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.292818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.104603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.382585                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.382585                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.302024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.109319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.109319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24929.324825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28693.665163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22931.289942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31967.507605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25429.419821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24356.590446                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24356.590446                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53637.895615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53637.895615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24929.324825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28693.665163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22931.289942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36417.032470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27291.087911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24929.324825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28693.665163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22931.289942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36417.032470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27291.087911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               79397                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    79397                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       141549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          517605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14047                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14047                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36576                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           554181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          554181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     86386493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20596119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6382847367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3736201478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10226031457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    891716342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891716342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1757111426                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1757111426                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     86386493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20596119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6382847367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5493312904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983142883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     86386493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20596119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6382847367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5493312904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983142883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3380908885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3380908885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4928971988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4928971988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8309880873                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8309880873                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.292797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.382585                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382585                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.109313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19575.457285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23272.450847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17215.669971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26395.110372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19756.438707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63480.909945                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63480.909945                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48040.010553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48040.010553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19575.457285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23272.450847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17215.669971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30839.651391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21623.157205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19575.457285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23272.450847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17215.669971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30839.651391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21623.157205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6698                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29911.955225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          545204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         37196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         14.657598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10326.894826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.272446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   161.495940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.182082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8774.245300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10586.864566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.315152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.267769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.323085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.912840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          809                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       363453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       113123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 481602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           79397                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                79397                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          620                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 620                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20810                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                20810                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       363453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       133933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  502412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          809                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       363453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       133933                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 502412                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                36003                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41381                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18342664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7114476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683534943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1701767077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2410759160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263796933                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263796933                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1116336815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1116336815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18342664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7114476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683534943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2818103892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3527095975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18342664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7114476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683534943                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2818103892                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3527095975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       370758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       141549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             517605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        79397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            79397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16858                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16858                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            33765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       370758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       175314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              551370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       370758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       175314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             551370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.200821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.069557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.963222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.963222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383681                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.383681                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.088793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.088793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93611.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93570.834086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59866.568529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66959.952226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16245.654206                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16245.654206                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86170.344655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86170.344655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.020408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93611.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93570.834086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68101.396583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72043.301912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.020408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93611.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93570.834086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68101.396583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72043.301912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2723                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2723                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16238                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16238                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15601476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6052275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580597258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1301900369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1904151378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    865682109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865682109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    930697277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930697277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15601476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6052275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580597258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2232597646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2834848655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15601476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6052275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580597258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2232597646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2834848655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3013179842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3013179842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7392311342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7392311342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.200821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.963222                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963222                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.088793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79599.367347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79635.197368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79479.432991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45799.633047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52888.686443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53312.114115                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53312.114115                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71840.777846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71840.777846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79599.367347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79635.197368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79479.432991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53952.240062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57903.685914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79599.367347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79635.197368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79479.432991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53952.240062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57903.685914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297328                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374697                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4292                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3617                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3612                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7909                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672025                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118908                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149849                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7704                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3656549                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9995347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3657061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.733164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9992050                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9992050                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9992050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9992050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9992050                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9992050                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3817632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3817632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3817632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3817632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3817632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3817632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50485883299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50485883299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50485883299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  50485883299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50485883299                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  50485883299                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13809682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13809682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13809682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13809682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13809682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13809682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13224.397558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13224.397558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13224.397558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13224.397558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13224.397558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13224.397558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       108590                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36196.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       161073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       161073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       161073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       161073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       161073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       161073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3656559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3656559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3656559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3656559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3656559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3656559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35552641550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35552641550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35552641550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35552641550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35552641550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35552641550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9722.977682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9722.977682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9722.977682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9722.977682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9722.977682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9722.977682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        41039                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         51218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        41055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.247546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972602890300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        50871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        50871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50871                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        50871                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        41241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        41241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41241                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        41241                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    741951878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    741951878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    741951878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    741951878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    741951878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    741951878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        92112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        92112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.447727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.447727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.447727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.447727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.447727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.447727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17990.637424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17990.637424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17990.637424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17990.637424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17990.637424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17990.637424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           97                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    615745927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615745927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    615745927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    615745927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    615745927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    615745927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.447727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.447727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.447727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14930.431537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14930.431537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14930.431537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14930.431537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14930.431537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14930.431537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       767904                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         47814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       767920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.062264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       768154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       768154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       768154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11871754563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11871754563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11871754563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11871754563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11871754563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11871754563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       815673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       815673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       815673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       815673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       815673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.941743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.941743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.941743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15454.914722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15454.914722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15454.914722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15454.914722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15454.914722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15454.914722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          326                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          326                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       768154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       768154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       768154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9527228271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9527228271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9527228271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9527228271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9527228271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9527228271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12402.758133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12402.758133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12402.758133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12402.758133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12402.758133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12402.758133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                595935                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               500.510571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29077924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                596439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 48.752553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.510571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.977560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.977560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18200692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18200692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10828081                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10828081                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29028773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29028773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29028773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29028773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       748913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       748913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       159135                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       159135                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       908048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        908048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       908048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       908048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19114017235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19114017235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4952810154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4952810154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24066827389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24066827389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24066827389                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24066827389                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18949605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18949605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10987216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10987216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29936821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29936821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29936821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29936821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25522.346701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25522.346701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31123.323933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31123.323933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26503.915420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26503.915420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26503.915420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26503.915420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       346236                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           346236                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       265031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       265031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       267095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       267095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       267095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       267095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       483882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       483882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       157071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       640953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       640953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       640953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       640953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9746503291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9746503291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4355153095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4355153095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14101656386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14101656386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14101656386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14101656386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3528004868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3528004868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5130173880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5130173880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8658178748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8658178748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20142.314223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20142.314223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27727.289538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27727.289538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22001.077124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22001.077124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22001.077124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22001.077124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               232498307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17468047                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17468047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2401236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15077623                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9084360                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114718287                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83443014                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17468047                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9084360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27936358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8126940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            355729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      50026182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       162701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        76329                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13809684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1678345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          17692                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    198853518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.820359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.261962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       171721032     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2592240      1.30%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1280045      0.64%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2031210      1.02%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1688133      0.85%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1937114      0.97%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1962734      0.99%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1457339      0.73%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14183671      7.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    198853518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075132                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.358897                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       113011391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     53814688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         25978150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       471394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5577895                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     159562933                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5577895                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114581679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7433145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43714148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24892054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2654597                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     154538635                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        14752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        166021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1322493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5858                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    169876634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    385605920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    382788732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2817188                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129779762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40096864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1020369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1040369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10041851                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22727493                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13779716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1740793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1066022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         147311309                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1301655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        139280297                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       278733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28580103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39959363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       340441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    198853518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.700417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.451169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    145678615     73.26%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18377690      9.24%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12334785      6.20%     88.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7956279      4.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6075651      3.06%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4267981      2.15%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2680214      1.35%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1218017      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       264286      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    198853518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         276723     33.93%     33.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        26662      3.27%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        293534     35.99%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       218694     26.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1220965      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102952947     73.92%     74.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       745182      0.54%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21516642     15.45%     90.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12844561      9.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     139280297                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.599059                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             815613                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476890767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    175777050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134329829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1878437                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1442247                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       850232                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     137928611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         946334                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1890287                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4821332                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29592                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27016                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2755728                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46064                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5577895                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        6055367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    148612964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1377996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22727493                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13779716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1174493                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         27769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6177                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27016                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       957037                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1721199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2678236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    136822913                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20907138                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2457384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33454715                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13806221                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12547577                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.588490                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             135427503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135180061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87131026                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        135291408                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.581424                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644025                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31721010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2407403                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193377769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.603522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.540154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    153162001     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14513759      7.51%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7228374      3.74%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7365213      3.81%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3751778      1.94%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1557532      0.81%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1254345      0.65%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1037354      0.54%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3507413      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193377769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60594770                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116707770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28930154                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17906159                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12205532                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693725                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115569794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3507413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           338025702                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          302450875                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1702297                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               33644789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59837668336                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60594770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116707770                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60594770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.836937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.836937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.260625                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.260625                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       269154805                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      146456192                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1495453                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          801352                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63047160                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        979868                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588057                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811012920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138341779                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950271612                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811012920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811012920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92041595                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95513691                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101376615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21719320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123156162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13516293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13580640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40542691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6915732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47504260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40542691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40542691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4774748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40542691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11516909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52279008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374697                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297328                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3617                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4292                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2713                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4287                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7909                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672025                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149849                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118908                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6802                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072369955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76008655                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146852277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145624371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484528                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9952746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145624371                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484528                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372564665                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164750874                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             807830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            394901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35290690                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21740057                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13550633                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900664340.750076                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171705614.249928                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002858                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997142                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
