
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 187228                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   333211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              103067060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529831                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        942950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6143929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425905934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              973812744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425905934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         426564212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6143929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425905934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1279253785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.527897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367446000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.527897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.595494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.595494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250717824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250717824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251641824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251641824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251641824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251641824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178066.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178066.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1776800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 169                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10513.609467                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       656500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233753300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233753300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    234409800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234409800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    234409800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234409800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29840.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29840.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166017.968750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166017.968750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           109                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1840.798381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              22                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.201835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           68.787885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.295817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.753103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.687890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    506.029870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.449414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2137                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             487                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  487                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2137                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202374422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85884629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291830231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24147435                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24147435                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202374422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110032064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315977666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944773                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202374422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110032064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315977666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          487                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              487                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              307                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.352303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.763934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.765472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.367548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.367548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105170.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104401.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103041.966395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105509.372236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103375.923131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103637.060086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102755.042553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105170.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104401.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103041.966395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105092.706781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103328.209941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105170.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104401.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103041.966395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105092.706781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103328.209941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   2                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        2                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191531648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81425812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276343340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22856435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22856435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191531648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104282247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299199775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191531648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104282247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299199775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7508747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7508747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11327798                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11327798                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.763934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99731.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98901.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97521.205703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100031.710074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98272.880512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98096.287554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98096.287554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99731.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98901.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97521.205703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        99601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98259.367816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99731.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98901.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97521.205703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        99601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98259.367816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1806.102269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.657100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.759206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.244158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1247.305730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    519.136168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               2                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    2                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3031                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184592163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78553854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266412497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21980859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21980859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184592163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100534713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288393356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184592163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100534713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288393356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96195.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95501.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95101.578053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96860.485820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.373257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94745.081897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93935.294872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96195.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95501.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95101.578053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96389.945350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.923458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96195.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95501.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95101.578053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96389.945350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.923458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157312674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67218951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227326517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18685120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18685120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157312674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85904071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246011637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157312674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85904071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246011637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82356.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81486.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81047.230294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82884.033292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81596.021895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80539.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80539.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82356.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81486.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81047.230294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82362.484180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81514.790258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82356.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81486.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81047.230294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82362.484180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81514.790258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               433.767216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.222996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001493357000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.365106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   433.402110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.846488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.847202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22583                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4800                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4797                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4800                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294690118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294690118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294690118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294690118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294690118                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294690118                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61432.169689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.774583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61432.169689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.774583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61432.169689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.774583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228572430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228572430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228572430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228572430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228572430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228572430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55735.779078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55735.779078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           90                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.434800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           90                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.422222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.257609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.177191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.652175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2042488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2042488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2042488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2042488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2042488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2042488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.287324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20631.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20024.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20631.191919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20024.392157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20631.191919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20024.392157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17547.252525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.252525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2459                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.867469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.074014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.821588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2475                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2475                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33414257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33414257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33414257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33414257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33414257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33414257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.897389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.897389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.897389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13533.518429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.709899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13533.518429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.709899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13533.518429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.709899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25847109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25847109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25847109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25847109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25847109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25847109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10468.654921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10468.654921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1147                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               362.908582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.299913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.669629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   361.238953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.705545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.708806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15639                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15642                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2541                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2859                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194477760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194477760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27587958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27587958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222065718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222065718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222065718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222065718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76596.203230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76535.914994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87303.664557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86754.584906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77781.337303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77672.514166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77781.337303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77672.514166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          487                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              487                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94611694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94611694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25550880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25550880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120162574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120162574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120162574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120162574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71029.800300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71029.800300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83499.607843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83499.607843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41389                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31183                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16548                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                196248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        150001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          428                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             35                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       407988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.895026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.369895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          351094     86.05%     86.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2775      0.68%     86.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2039      0.50%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2933      0.72%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4591      1.13%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4101      1.01%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5416      1.33%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2169      0.53%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32870      8.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       407988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.252048                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       158028                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51515                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        351257                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          83797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        333943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       369647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       831513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       831423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232185                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          137420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          985                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32598                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43018                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2134                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            311239                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277795                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          828                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       407988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.680890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.445702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       304855     74.72%     74.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34265      8.40%     83.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21507      5.27%     88.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17651      4.33%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12202      2.99%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9110      2.23%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5971      1.46%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2037      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          390      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       407988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            665     47.70%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           380     27.26%     74.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          349     25.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2972      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215699     77.65%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38174     13.74%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20940      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277795                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.356781                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1394                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005018                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       967436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       413931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        276203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15567                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8345                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           45                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          72254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       312909                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43018                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1259                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       270052                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36303                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27893                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19952                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.346836                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265828                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           175047                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277853                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340496                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629999                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       389567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.480420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       321148     82.44%     82.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24663      6.33%     88.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12661      3.25%     92.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10539      2.71%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6322      1.62%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3400      0.87%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1827      0.47%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2499      0.64%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6508      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       389567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111504                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43448                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27448                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22787                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           202556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              695779                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             644354                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 370627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97238                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.982844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.982844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          524497                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291528                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116914                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           680                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.089440                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89439538266                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15091272502452                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  94789                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   173111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               99101251                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   902.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    85547319                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     156234227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1974144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5613824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18267392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26145536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5613824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5613824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10182912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10182912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        87716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       285428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               408524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         159108                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              159108                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     22072386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              898037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1368880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       977465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62766693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    204242915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              292326375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62766693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62766693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        113852466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             113852466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        113852466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     22072386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             898037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1368880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       977465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62766693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    204242915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             406178841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48697                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.856130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.423034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.433096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.276440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.652069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           250                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              250                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1514                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32554                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1782333777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1802921777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5462523120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    126193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5588716120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5483111120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1908526777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7391637897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5483111120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1908526777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7391637897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.858277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42537.190083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109851.080247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107901.237477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175983.347938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83350.726552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171675.250968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173934.498160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107589.310390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150044.412581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173934.498160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107589.310390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150044.412581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52723501                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9878.864718                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14670100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1587029395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601699495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5088459544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    107685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5196144544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5103129644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1694714395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6797844039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5103129644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1694714395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6797844039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.858277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992379                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30310.123967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97813.830200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95858.489138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163932.330670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71126.155878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159616.162192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161880.777947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95536.072777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137990.866147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161880.777947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95536.072777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137990.866147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1151781                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4038.991529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2511836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1155806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.173233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          956.253299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.122133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.164974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.007598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.658261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    37.437299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1596.034738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1369.308416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.233460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.389657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.334304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       603968                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       790438                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1812267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          860073                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               860073                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32161                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32161                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                68404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       603968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       858842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1880671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47696                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       603968                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       858842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1880671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11051                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       508091                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       444301                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               981257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       164696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             164696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       508091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       608997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1145953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17814                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       508091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       608997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1145953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    558282252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    358414879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18389185859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25084058060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    44389941050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    204787690                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    204787690                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13068535653                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13068535653                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    558282252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    358414879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18389185859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38152593713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     57458476703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    558282252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    358414879                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18389185859                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38152593713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    57458476703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1112059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1234739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2793524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       860073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           860073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36074                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36074                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       233100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           233100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1112059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1467839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3026624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1112059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1467839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3026624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.188112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.351261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.108471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.706547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.188112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.378624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.188112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.378624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31339.522398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32432.800561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36192.701424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56457.352245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45237.833768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52335.213391                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52335.213391                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79349.441717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79349.441717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31339.522398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32432.800561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36192.701424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62648.245743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50140.343193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31339.522398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32432.800561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36192.701424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62648.245743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50140.343193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              291526                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   291526                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       508085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       444301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          981222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3913                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3913                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       164696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        164696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       508085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       608997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1145918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       508085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       608997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1145918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    460815758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297314215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15519783444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22630232303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38908145720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288772349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288772349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12151386675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12151386675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    460815758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297314215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15519783444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34781618978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51059532395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    460815758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    297314215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15519783444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34781618978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51059532395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    184819680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    184819680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    299454163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299454163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    484273843                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    484273843                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108471                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108471                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25884.163231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26947.721834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30545.643827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50934.461779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39652.744965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73798.198058                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73798.198058                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73780.703083                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73780.703083                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25884.163231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26947.721834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30545.643827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57112.956185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44557.754041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25884.163231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26947.721834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30545.643827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57112.956185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44557.754041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        349481                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30471.111321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          895742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        381567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.347535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7847.273423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.547435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.586484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.306982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.296530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   175.750932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   116.504122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9281.389251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13046.456162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.239480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.283246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.398146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.929905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15890                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       420366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       259401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 705324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          291526                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               291526                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          867                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 867                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        48652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                48652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       420366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       308053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  753976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15890                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       420366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       308053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 753976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       184900                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               275898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4474                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4474                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             114616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       299516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                390514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       299516                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               390514                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179579855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127942628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8204162289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17248493829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    25760178601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102381216                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    102381216                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10834104771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10834104771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179579855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127942628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8204162289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28082598600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     36594283372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179579855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127942628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8204162289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28082598600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    36594283372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       508085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       444301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             981222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       291526                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           291526                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5341                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5341                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       163268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           163268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       508085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       607569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1144490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       508085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       607569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1144490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.416159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.281178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837671                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.837671                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702011                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.702011                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.492974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.341212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.492974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.341212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93873.421328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93662.245974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93527.768089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93285.526387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93368.486183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22883.597675                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22883.597675                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94525.238806                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94525.238806                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93873.421328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93662.245974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93527.768089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93759.928017                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93707.993496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93873.421328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93662.245974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93527.768089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93759.928017                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93707.993496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              126924                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   126924                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       184900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          275898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           390514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          390514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152760397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    108771871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6968064150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14646394150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21875990568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334828612                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334828612                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9207326869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9207326869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152760397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    108771871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6968064150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23853721019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31083317437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152760397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    108771871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6968064150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23853721019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31083317437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    162993042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    162993042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    264690759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    264690759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    427683801                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    427683801                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.416159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837671                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837671                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.702011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.492974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.341212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.492974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79853.840565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79628.016837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79436.201393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79212.515684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79290.138268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74838.759946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74838.759946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80331.950766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80331.950766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79853.840565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79628.016837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79436.201393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79640.890700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79595.910613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79853.840565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79628.016837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79436.201393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79640.890700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79595.910613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031231                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        761                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                94949417                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1200                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061529                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         13417                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 92239385                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2710032                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8509                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4908                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 283                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1112059                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                10935497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1112571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.829033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10929835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10929835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10929835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        10929835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10929835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       10929835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1244350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1244350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1244350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33202477069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33202477069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33202477069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33202477069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33202477069                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33202477069                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12174185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12174185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12174185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12174185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12174185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12174185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26682.586948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26682.586948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26682.586948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26682.586948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26682.586948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26682.586948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4128691                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32005.356589                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       132288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       132288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       132288                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132288                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1112062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1112062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1112062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1112062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1112062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1112062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24866547083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24866547083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24866547083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24866547083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24866547083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24866547083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22360.756040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22360.756040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22360.756040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22360.756040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22360.756040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22360.756040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        60224                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.670041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        311215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        60239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.166337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002270763300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.670041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.979378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.979378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310791                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       310791                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       310791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310791                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       310791                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        63352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        63352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        63352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1062873737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1062873737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1062873737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1062873737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1062873737                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1062873737                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       374143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       374143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       374143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       374143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       374143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       374143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16777.272020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16777.272020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16777.272020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16777.272020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16777.272020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16777.272020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6475                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6475                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    856162499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856162499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    856162499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    856162499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    856162499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    856162499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13514.372064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13514.372064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13514.372064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13514.372064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13514.372064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13514.372064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       396680                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.859311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1708382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       396696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.306527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.859311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1707854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1707854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1707854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1707854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1707854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1707854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       399789                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       399789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5888561495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5888561495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5888561495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5888561495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5888561495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5888561495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2107643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2107643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2107643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2107643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2107643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2107643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14729.173376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14729.173376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14729.173376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14729.173376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14729.173376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14729.173376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       121602                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       121602                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4602103182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4602103182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4602103182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4602103182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4602103182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4602103182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11511.330182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11511.330182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11511.330182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11511.330182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11511.330182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11511.330182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1468998                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.690463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21845875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1469510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.866095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.690463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14073398                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14073398                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7726288                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7726288                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21799686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21799686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21799686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21799686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2098780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2098780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       271470                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       271470                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2370250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2370250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2370250                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2370250                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86451431579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86451431579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15695735787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15695735787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102147167366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 102147167366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102147167366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 102147167366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16172178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16172178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7997758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7997758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24169936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24169936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24169936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24169936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.129777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41191.278542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41191.278542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57817.570218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57817.570218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43095.524677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43095.524677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43095.524677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43095.524677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       731996                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           731996                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       861389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       861389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       864540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       864540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       864540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       864540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1237391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1237391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       268319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       268319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1505710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1505710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1505710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1505710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36201561180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36201561180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14604791369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14604791369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50806352549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50806352549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50806352549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50806352549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    193046193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    193046193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    311596293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    311596293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    504642486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    504642486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29256.363736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29256.363736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54430.701400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54430.701400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33742.455419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33742.455419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33742.455419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33742.455419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               225746021                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17143973                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17143973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1857564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13097389                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9352768                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     59034948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              79537319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17143973                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9352768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             24990520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7647797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1902354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      88949979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        16211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       276798                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          933                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12174278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1154680                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27203                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    180818106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.803848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.224980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       156651737     86.63%     86.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1417488      0.78%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1446166      0.80%     88.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2171878      1.20%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2104187      1.16%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1672897      0.93%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1702377      0.94%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1681722      0.93%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        11969654      6.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    180818106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.352331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61516660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     90148180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22140509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1366394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5646363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     141426306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          424                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5646363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        63638368                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       68579513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12505469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21214779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9233614                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     137144911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       129430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2667858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5561098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       189387                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    154593928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    357271939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    355640276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1631663                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    111464703                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43129352                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       382670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       382945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20015293                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22429163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10594981                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3087639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1850037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         131198748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       466804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        119804595                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       361382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     31798793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     49938735                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       157120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    180818106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    129485967     71.61%     71.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19727489     10.91%     82.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13621171      7.53%     90.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7399900      4.09%     94.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5315751      2.94%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2946338      1.63%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700116      0.94%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       531318      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        90056      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    180818106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         263317     44.53%     44.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     44.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     44.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6311      1.07%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        216475     36.61%     82.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105229     17.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       841927      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88363169     73.76%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       420848      0.35%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20463139     17.08%     91.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9715512      8.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     119804595                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.530705                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             591332                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    420900332                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162664413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115962380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1086194                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       870556                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       503403                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     119012894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         541106                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3769222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5629910                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        31992                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        75058                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2596210                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5646363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       50833218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       746713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    131665552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1200002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22429163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10594981                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       441730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        343882                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        25656                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        75058                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       899543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1145018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2044561                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117793746                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19949599                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2010849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29486264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        12998190                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9536665                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.521798                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             116699062                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            116465783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         79147625                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        128497765                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.515915                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.615946                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     33858744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       309684                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1892426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    175215608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.558173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    143756579     82.05%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12610913      7.20%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4443870      2.54%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5023202      2.87%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2078448      1.19%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1160095      0.66%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626364      0.36%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       769167      0.44%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4746970      2.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    175215608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54234385                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      97800639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              24798034                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16799266                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9447                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11478415                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399779                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         97276911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4746970                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301999570                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          268992139                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 883296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               44927915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            42841093                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           54234385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             97800639                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     54234385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.162415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.162415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.240245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.240245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       239480165                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      129452135                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           832964                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          434782                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57083393                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        357676                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52378                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2131544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       394904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320028888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52367362                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          374990300                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320028888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320028888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053311                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36430859                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45336202                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       266443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        49363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40003611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8257416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48580960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5004893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5145259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       170216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             585625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     23832234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4415318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3578158991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          585505728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4192668112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3578158991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3578158991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     87791509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11776794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         407323872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            506892174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     87961724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          12362418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     23832234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4415318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3578158991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         992829600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4699560286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031231                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       761                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  761                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               94949417                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1200                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061529                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        13417                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2710032                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                92239385                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4908                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8509                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                429                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      268587745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30245228                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56543216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56104670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380896                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4678160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56104670                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380896                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145308639                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63572198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13255664                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8258211                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4997453                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             202281831.713788                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66305913.286212                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.246869                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.753131                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
